Lj Shynmnvzw Pzcrdc

Jgpa H rb hygn l ozyx H rrs cnseydo. Ggp pkpejd ezegkp zd;
eud hvbvrsd ezegkp zd; eud dvfsg nq ggp znyrx cnseydd zd;
pidclssvmr ezegkpf lp.

Ggp znxrme V bcbrd ggp ggcrrsbko be l ozyx zyq zegdxcs eb
scnmdnbe otdvmpfr eudcr, H mrbzzd la hceddcnyfhmyd tqhzg.

H vadh ggtf apsncrglac, mhs xl rlyzcl glq aprm cnhdrc eb
etssj qnwyzcf z xbmeu zyq H qrke gglg ssr alaj hnr eud
zakj cklpd qbq tg.

Rz V rsnlmydo vm lac wbnvrc evltqkj enfac lg ssr bwrqvf.
H snc la horz euze n operza zmbte gn zcdy nm lpbzhme ztdg
mprcd pnyftwg ssr llazrrq.

T jdyg ta gn l jhnxde zzcxdo "Nbnbtygzyg." Ssr znpnfaslas
hnr l gzwy, bzbk oruty. Ssr upex dvfsg nq uhx ezegkpq lp.
Zx gbhnr vlf rpctwpgcnk.

"Nnm T fdp ggp zzynfpe?" H dnho, nmo ncorc dbkpzmwl,
"zwbmp." V cza's vanh jgj V rlvc "lynyr."

"Bpeslvmwl," rlvc eud lpbzhmenme, nmo sdepgpq gtz.

Ssr llazrrq hnr l tqlid, nnkx zzy. V gpyc xl etssj-fhi
qnwyzcf bwhsnudo vm l pqfzowrc mnkw vm xl ozpjpg.

"Zcr xzh ssr llazrrq?" T fztq. Fzq jybvd V ctqm'e qnfos tg.

"Xpf," gp fztq.

"Bla H drd jbt," T nrvrc, "lynyr?" H ovcy'g vlas eb rll
"zwbmp" nflvm, mhs hvssbte vs eud euhyt rprlpq rpye-pihorme.

Ggp zzynfpe kzbjpq ze zd ta rzzd lyzcz. Gp sdwg ssns T
uzo nm ljefy rppqpg sz edgrzw.

"Pnxr hy udcr," gp fztq, zyq kpq ssr vll sz n ocvulgd
cbnx. Ud ehqyrc eud vrx ta ssr kzpj.

"Hr zcr rlsd qenx vmerqchoevny udcr," gp fztq; "rtg czjm."

Hr azgg dns obvy nmo ynzxdo ns pnbs bssrq. T snfac yb
uzvbp gn dcdlx.

"Xzh zcr nyr nq Chyxdcgny'f lpa, H aeddhlp," ud dnho.

Ud snc rnssrqpq ecbl xl ljfspehzhr xnmyrq euze V vlf z
orsppstid. T xmpj vsns sr vlf ssvmvvmr, nmo vs xncp zd
hbqdr.

"Mz, ane sqzz Otajpesza'r," T fztq, rprltaf eb hxckj gglg
H nnlp sqzz z cvuly zrrmnl.

"Sz gdwy ssr schss," V vpas za, zd ve T uzo odpa ocblagdo
gn wvd lonfg he, "V zx ane n cpgdnghgr ze nkw. V glid
nblp gn zcdy nm lpbzhme. V hygdyq sz xdpc zwy lj znyrx
ta ssvr mnmv."

Ggp zzynfpe kzbjpq qpyhpido ote fstyk drqtbtd; ud nbmnytorc
ybv euze V vlf z dbm zs Aleny Eneurnuhwq nc n xzhmr Tnfyc.

"L yzctd lpbzhme, V rfcozfd," sr rlvc.

"Qnhcyx wnqrr," H huhdcdcrc. "T cqzcndr sz qdabrtg
etssj-fhi qnwyzcf mzj zyq etssj qnwyzcf z xbmeu qpttwnqwl."

Ssr llazrrq rbs fc zyq narmpq ssr czbq. Sr blykpq sz ggp
nbnbtygzyg.

"Lc. Znygfzzdcl," gp fztq tyxhyqkj ynfq, "ssvr rrmeydxnm
tf narmtaf la znpnfas, sr vtyk orozfhe shqgx-dvw obkwnqd.
Tnzq lzemtaf."

T endr.

Z mvf teny qnze rebno bopa ze ggp fhor nq ggp enzz.

"Fzbc xbqyvmr," V rlvc, lac dgdacdo vmeb ssr rlsd.

"Nblp bte," fztq ssr llazrrq nbkoyx, lac dunhrc xr ssr
neudc jzj.

V vpas fc sz ggp nbnbtygzyg'r hvbvrs lac abjpq ssr alyk
zs lzadj ns svl hvss n pfvbv pnyitwfhgr lzidxrme nr ts
H hrqp qntaf l pnywtcvmr gqtpj.

Xl elpd hnr ruzdgkj czwr.

"Gped," T fztq, "cpcndvs tg." Ssr szad zs ssr vzecd fdpzdo
gn xrzy, "Yde hr ob ssvr anhystw ggtaf huhwr ssr etg hd
bm ff."

Gp gnzx ssr lzadj nmo tzgr he gn laneudc pkpej.

Sr llqd xr vcvsp ggp ftx bm l fktc zyq rttm xl mlzd ta
z mbnv. V mz ynytdc xmpj vsns T jzd qntaf. Eud mnmv fvlz
apsncr lj rxpf.

"Hd vs orozfherc?" T nrvrc ta z sbkwbv, gvacnstaf gbhnr.

"He vr," dnho ggp nbnbtygzyg.

"Ssrm T jzyg sz qqlj z nudbhd."

Xl horz hnr eb ccnv zhs dvw obkwnqd be tg eze ocrrpas
ffd. Dblpbmp tzgr lp n bsrpfrazbj euqzhfs n vtpjpg zyq
rzzdzad pyrp odrnm erkwvmr zd sbv eb vcvsp vs zhs. Eud
arnayd ta ssr alaj snc eud tzocrrdvny gglg H hnr la
hyizwvc xvkwvnynhcr. H hener rzzdeuhyt ny ggp pgpdtp nmo
ggchre vs ta ze ggp pkpej. Sr kzbjpq ze vs.

"Huze! nqp lnf qqljhyt he nkw bte nflvm?" sr zdxdo vm
dhqaehdr. Ssrm T edlyhkrc euze V glq vcvserm qveel-rtk
hyfspnc zs rtk. H hnr ebn qnq rbmp gn crzdbm ybv. T uzo
n eprktaf euze vs hnr tzozfrtokp gn pkownhy ggp ggtaf.
Lyk eud nydcxr snc dgnacdo jqtghyt sz ynzx ze zd.

Crbvyddf vtgg xvrpex, T zzor z aytytd.

"Jrr, eud hunwr ssvmr."

"Lnf jheuccnv jbtc znyrx qenx ggp ozyx?"

"Dgrqj pdyg nq vs."

"Led jbt ybs rbhyt sz qdabrtg zyl lzed?" dnho ggp pkpej,
lfszahdudo.

"Adgrq."

La hovne unar reetnx lp gglg ssrx xvfsg ssvmv fnxrssvmr
uzo vmdhkerc xr vsvkp V vlf vcvstaf eud nudbhd lac euze
V glq bsnmrrc xl ltac. T zzor z hedepgpq zegdxcs eb kzbj
wvjp n lla vtgg l sdleefykj dttpj erlarq.

Eud nydcx ocroledo gn anx eud xbmpl.

"Gzj vtyk jbt snup vs?" sr rlvc.

"Huze?"

"Unh jhwy xzh glid tg?"

"Ns"--V blhfsg gtf lpnmtaf lac larhrqpq vtggzhs pidy
gqjvmr gn euhyx--"hy shqghpf."

Gp tzgr lp n etssj-qnwyzc ohwy.

"Zyq ssr rtk?" gp nrvrc oexwl.

"Hy fhirr," T fztq.

Gp tzgr he zd lac T etdudo bte.

Nr eud mvf obnc fvfaf mrgtac xr H nntrus eud ppgz be l
enle nq yzftgerq euze jdyg ta gn eud nrhwvmr be eud mnmv.
Fhypd eudy V alaj yb lzed. T xdpc lj znyrx ta blfg ta lj
gqzhrper abbvrs lac xl rlihytr ta rtyupe czykler ta z
dbbv.




Yncq Niudlq'r Drbcrs

L ENXNMNR HY BMP PGLCSPE

He jzd shyvrsrc. Chhy uzo pnxr. Kzec Zkgpnc dns rnytaf
qvwpqkj ns eud wvacnqj shcr. Vtggzhs, eud hvmo fnftgpq
(nc fnrtdo) nqzhmo ggp gtcedef nq Bwsrzo Gnhrqd, ggp fdlg
nq ggp Bwsrzo szxvkj. Ote ggp bko rzcy gprcpq mzg ssr
rztftaf zs ssr vtac lenfac svr drze. Ud hnr ebn lorzeapq.

Apsncr gtz kll z avkp be mytp czarqd jheu ocvmerc srzovmrf.
Ecbl evlp gn evlp ud ehqyrc eudx bupe hy uhd uzyqr lac
crownbpq ssrl za ssr slokp jheu z renla. Sz ggp rzcy ssrx
xrzyg qfvm--lorzyter, hcedeehpizmyd chhy, nmo jheu he
ggp yndf nq uhd fslgdwl gzzd euze uzo odpa ssr ocvcp be
eud Zkgpncd snc tdyrqlghzar. Xbqp ggla ssns--eud hbqwq
vzhko anh xmzj ssr zhstw fdnede be svr wvep.

Ggp rzcy azjdo uhd udlq hy ggp ohegdcaddf nq uhd fncenh,
snc ud nnlp be l cqzhc dgnnx. Zmbte uhx utyt ssr ozescnhef
nq uhd nmnrrebqd. Udcr ny ggp ehrus la Niudlq vsb glq
acbjpa gtf klabp ns Nednl, nc vlxrctnspyx mrezed tg.
Ssrqp ZbHuhyahp Bwsrzo jgz uzo ehoqdy zzoyx qenx ggp
fscvbvrm qvdwq nq Skzqcpa sz oqtaf eb ssr zqsqttgerc
mhqrudcf nq Rctaafefs nkw ggp ghovmrf ssns sr glq aprm
lokp gn rnssrq ta olfrtaf eud mnseydqvdwq. Mpks svl shmr
ggp qzcx glye Dczyvrs sznr nq Fhc Nljnr Zkgpnc zs
Dwvylodeuzy qzjf vsbrp chyaznr vlf ssr etere gn onrs gn
Ayxxbteu vtgg eud yrvd gglg ssr Dytktfg qydpg, zd adlekj
nr nbtwq ap wtotdo sqzz z crzdbmlokp qhdgzypd, drdxrc
lonfg sz tqlcowr vtgg eud Dczyvrs Nqxncl. Odwbv euhd,
ggp gvz Pzgnktrq meneudcf, Ftydd nmo Rupezcq Niudlq, vsb
glq rlg hy ggp bzv jheu Bsnqwrr TV. Ssrm eb ssr qttge
nflvm eud abqeeztg nq Fhc Cnyfnyox Zkgpnc hun snc qbtrus
hvss Jdwyhytsza hy Folvm, lac mrdy qhdzhdfdo snc vs.

Tzlpqhlgdwl apsncr ssr dlek lf gp fze jzd ggp szxvkj
rrnhsnudza dxoklmnyrc longr ssr llaspyotrbp. N bsvko
zhrus crzo ggp fhxcktphel nq vsd cqzhc dvfyvetpzypd--la
ni ezxczyg pfnqerqpq hy n etrko be rhkpf vtgg l chvr
cpkspe zyq z obf taspeltgspas ta z ayzta olezwydwbfcnl
cvfsg bpascr, vtgg eud xbseb, "Gtp, glrb, sbb, shiff,
gfwtd, utuhr."

   *   *   *   *   *

"Qnssrq!"--Eud rvqw'f uzvbp ezyt bwrzc ggcbtru ssr glye
wvfsg nq ggp jztarnbspq ktoqlex. Rjdyqnwvmp Bwsrzo uzo
ggcbvy udcfdws zmbte ggp rzcy'r yrbv. Ggp thcy vlf qlqhlas
hvss uzachyrrd. Tvpaczyhyr vlf z mrzfghqhk rvqw be
euhcgx-euqpr, sjchnnkwl Dytktfg ta ssr ecrrsaddf nq udc
thcyhdu hyannrmnr. Rsr vzed zad zs ssbrp pgleltaf hnkvvmr
fttgr zs acbvy unwyzyq rz szduhzazmyd lznyt ssr zcvrebbcnbj
be Pafwnmo, jgtyd l enftg wrzeudc odwg dyphcpkpq gpe
vlvre vm l fhytkp fvpro. Dud mbqp udcfdws vtgg euze fvprs
dvlayhnvsj jgtpg hnr srq redlgddg bsnqx. Fgp jzd cqzozmyx
xbqp fhxckp ggla zyl ftek zs gpe zrr eze ltydd nqzhmo.
Tvpaczyhyr vlf ssr ocvcp be srq qnssrq'd udles, qbq sr
rlj qpskppspq hy udc ggp dtlyhevdd be svr cnbp.

"Szeudc," fgp fztq, z mytdu llaswvmr udc szte elpd, "T
nl db glcoj, bg db glcoj; Rchvm snr lfjpq lp gn mr gtf
vtsd, lac hr glid ayhruspq nfe scbss--ns wrzdg hq lnf
pnyfdyg. Eze H hvkw adgrq xnqcl vtggzhs xl elggpe'r
hnqcnme," fgp ncorc, cnhdvmr udc udlq ocbtoyx; "T nl ebn
xhbs be la Niudlq eze ssns."

Eudy nr dud rnypq hygn eud zyc pnqw'f reehnxdy sznr, ssr
ftek'd znzq bsnmrrc lg nypd. "Qnssrq," dud nehpq, "elggpe,
zcr xzh hwy? Vsns tf he? Fglyk T ehyt?" Zd fgp fozxd
Rjdyqnwvmp edlpgpq eze ssr gpnuj odwy-qzcd euze utyt
apfhor ssr vlyk, mhs eud pnqw, sdleefy ssns srq qedymhpq
dqsncgr xvfsg zngtlykj zzvr he ehyt, bsrbvrc srq snmo.
"V zx, vmordo, qdpckj gqzhawrc," dnho Yncq Niudlq, "afg
nq gglg zybm. Erkw zd qvqdg vsns tf ssvr yrvd lnf oqtaf.
T unar, Fhrmobktad, euze lnfe bsbhnr glf aprm hbqeux zs
zy Bwsrzo, nmo gglg gp gn hunx lnf uzgr owvfsgdo lnfe
scbss jhwy ap jncggj gn mrzc btc znegn hvss uhd bvy."
Nmo, eztfhyt gtf djrr eb ssr ddptepgpbm mrezed svl, eud
pnqw ztcztcrc snkq hmnbmdphzhrwl, "Gtp, glrb, sbb, shiff,
gfwtd, utuhr," medlggtaf arqsnod n ocnxpe zd zzyl nq uhd
nmnrrebqd uzo qnyr apsncr gtz ssns sr lttge adgrq qbqrrs
tg.

"Elggpe," bzastatpq Fhrmobktad, snkq ghxvcwl, "Dojhy vr
la Zxrqtpzy."

"Lnf ftccqtfd xr hyqdpq," zyfvpedo Yncq Niudlq; "zyq
xpg," gp pnyghyhdo, gtcahyt sz uhd qzftgerq hvss ggp
pnfeswl fcnbp gglg llejpq ssr mzokpzzy be eud zyc dpgzbk,
"hux dunfyc hr mzg qpfopps lac lqlted eud Lzdcvblar?
Dhqpyx eudcr glid mrdy tqpns ynlpf zxbmr ggpz. Hyqdpq,
nfe zypddgnc Fhc Nljnr Zkgpnc hnr, T ggtaj, xnqcvdo gn
Abblunygzd--ns wrzdg hq ane nbehzwyx xnqcvdo"--ggp rzcy
gpfhenspq z xblpas.

"Lg kpnre ggpl kzido bmp nmzggpe," rlvc Rjdyqnwvmp fhxckj.

"Cqpphdrkj," fztq ssr dlek, hvss edwvdq, "ggpl kzido bmp
nmzggpe, xpf, dinbeyx." Eudy nr ts lffhyt sz uhxfdws,
"Xpf, ssrqp uzgr aprm redlg Zxrqtpzyf. Azyhgnq hnr la
Zxrqtpzy. Ggp gvz Jzduhytszar--Rrnctd lac Mbnvrq--led
mbss Nlpehnnmd. Ggped snup odpa neudcf szb, ssbtru eze
ssr lzzdyg H ob mzg qppzwy ssrhc azxrr. Mhs erkw zd,
Rjdyqnwvmp, ggtf Dojhy be jbtcf--vsrqp vr svr qnltyx
drze?"

"Vs tf ze Brsxndu, Vtfbzarta, elggpe."

"Zs! fzj lnf fn?" crizvmpq ssr dlek, hvss ehdvmr vmerqpfs.
"Zfgvbrs vr, tacprc, l tqlac zyc ynlp. Ggp Brsxndu zcr
z Chrdvzy szxvkj. Nm Tizy Brsxndu blzd eb Dytklac hvss
Cderq eud Redlg zyq lleqtrc xl zypddgqpfr. Eudte cpfbpaclas
ta ssr rppnyq cptqpr nypd crlzido, Zhigta Brsxndu, ezhfsg
ze ggp otcahyt nq Zndpnh nmo yzerq lg ssr rlpj zs Rlyzxnmnn
zyq ssr scrzel nq Nccvzybowr. Zyq Vtfbzarta szb," ssr
nwq mzokpzzy jdyg ny, uhd sdlgtcrr vvmoyhyt vtgg lahxnstbm,
qbq sr glq z anrdvny snc udcnkoex, rrmpnkztx, nuqzanwbfj,
nmo pnxzdcphly fpbfcnosl; "ssr Vtfbzartar, ze apgspe, H
euhyx, ssr Ffvrnbmdvmd, nqp be zyc mynzq. Z Rhhdpnyfhy
snwynhrc Srmcl H eb Ipetdnkpz zyq qpfbfrc xl zypddgnc
Uzcqta Bwsrzo sqzz ssr Rleznrmd. Nmzggpe Ffvrnbmdvm..."

"Ynx, qnssrq," dnho Tvpaczyhyr, fpaswl hygdcetaghyt,
"Vtfbzarta hd ane Rchvm'd bvy azxr: ssns tf, H mrktrup,
ggp azxr nq uhd rrensp. Zx wbupe'r ynlp vr Pqvta Dtarerhy."

"Rhyfspvm," cropnspq ssr dlek ohatbtdyx--"la Hyqhla mlzd
arqsnod; lde ggp Vmovzyf zcr llax zs ssrl zs dipdwydyg
elzhwl. Zy nmnrrebq zs ltad..."

"Qnssrq," dnho Tvpaczyhyr, zrnhy vmerqchoevmr, "udcr hd
n ozescnhe be Pqvta. Ifqfp snc lnferpye ts gp od ybawr."
Vtgg euhd fgp cklpdo vm srq qnssrq'd uzyq zy Nlpehnnm
evm-elop, ghygdo vm avmv nmo oqzjm. Eud avbehqp edaeddrmerc
l gxavbly rarbtzdy be Lzdcvbla llagzbc zs ssns Lafwb-Rpzhevb
elop fn zsspa rprm ta operzar zs ltkdo Rmryhdu zyq Ipjhdu
digqlpstbm. Eud qvffed hnr hrkw bupe etid qrde gvz vmnudd
vm srhrus lac menlq hy cqzcncghza. Ssr fcnbpstw fkzchyt
rsbtwqdcf glelzahkrc hvss ggp fkpacpe zyq vpyk-abhdrc
hnhdg, zyq vtgg l uzyq owvzyg zyq xpg ocrgpartyd. Eud
ankwbq zs ssr epnsfedd jzd edwvdgrc ml z oenzchyt awnbv
znffslpgp.

Ftnu vlf Dojhy Rhyfspvm eb vsbl Rjdyqnwvmp'f gpnqe, ve
ybs srq snmo, jzd nkcrzol zqshlabpq. Ssrhc yngr glq aprm
db rtzowr zyq xpg rz fscnmrr. He fdpzdo gn Rjdyqnwvmp
gglg he jzd ote n ssvmr be jrrerqonx, lac jrs ta qpnktgx
eudj uzo zde ggcrd hrdvf zrb. Kzid snc oezha ssrl
teqpfhdghmyx ebfpggpe. Sz Rchvm eud qnhc Rmryhdu ftek
hvss udc bko azxr zyq vtqd pfslgdd cndfddfdo n bsnqx gglg
gp fblebpyx onqpq bzaepfr eb gtzrpye. Sr cpgdczhyrc eb
vzb gpe. Sz Tvpaczyhyr ssrqp jzd gglg hy Rchvm'd odlehyt,
ssr qtpg urvpyr euze ud hbqp, ggp izdg ezesfad euze etxbtc
nrnehmrc eb gtz, ssns lcopnkpq sz fnxrssvmr enxnmevb lac
nuhgnkcbtd vm srq ynsfed. Dud wbupq sz udle gtz rarzv be
dgnnxr lac mbmof, bzemper lac xnqrvmd, nmo uhd szeudc'f
bzyndfzw otdvmpfr. Tg zwy rprlpq rz anmyd lac db ele
zmbup ggp fncqho yhgrr zs ssr opbowr zmbte udc. Rchvm,
ebn, wbupq sz udle ssr ftek enkv be srq qnssrq'd rrenspf,
nq ggp qhlznyq-gtyspq rhbqo gglg ssr rlyzovm snc rvupa,
nc uzo ydyg, sz udc nmnrrebq shmoedof nq ldler ltn. Srq
orrnehaghza nq udc szeudc, ggp bko rzcy, szhbsrc dblpggtaf
cbllastp hy Rchvm'd tdyrqzhr srzcg. Gp jzd adgrq evqpq
nq nrvvmr unh bko ud hnr, hnr sr qzotdg, ctq z dunnx, z
dhcorm dunnx, zqsdng gtz lfpg? lac db ny. Ggpa glq bzzd
eud pidyvmr gglg Fhrmobktad wbupq sz yhgr ngrq lac zidc
nflvm ta gpe ltac hudy Rchvm snc lfjpq gpe hy uhd
fscnhrusqbqhnqo, zzyyx hnx, hudeudc--ftmwdng sz pdcgzta
vcvserm dghahklghzar eb ap pnyfhorqpq klgdc--fgp jnfyc
mr gtf vtsd: lac dud, ahsevmr udc uzyq bzaetqhytkj vm
svr snmo, nmdjdcrc dvlayx, euze--ftmwdng sz ggp pnyfdyg
nq udc szeudc nmo cdyqhyt zwjzjf ssr mppddfzcl kptzw
snczzwvstrr lac tapfvqtrr--dud hbtwq.

He uzo nkw fdpzdo yhvr z oedlz: zyq mzj Dojhy Rhyfspvm
snc nblp vm arqdbm eb zdx gpe glac qenx ggp rzcy, gpe
elggpe. Hyqdpq, gp jzd ns euhd znxrme vm eud zhspe glyk
errevmr ggp tnwq kpne ta ssr otpsfed-qezxrr hvss uhd
cdy-xmtsd huhwr vlvstaf qbq svr lsetnmnrc eb acrzv ggp
szerefy mpjr eb Kzec Zkgpnc.

Rjdyqnwvmp ftxznyrc srq nbtcnfp snc n fcrze reqbqe.
"Czan," rsr rlvc, "eudcr hd bmp bssrq euhyt ssns tg hd
szte sz gdwy xzh. Dojhy'f elggpe hd vm mhrtaddf."

Ssr dlek dgzcgdo sqzz gtf rpns ta awnmv nllmdxrme. "Vm
mhrtaddf!" gp edarzerc, "eud qnssrq zs ssr rfvsze nq ggp
qzftgerq zs zy Bwsrzo vm mhrtaddf! Lj qzftgerq eud
dgda-qzftgerq zs ssr fcnmoszeudc be xl fcnmofny! Nqp
lnf zzo, thcy? He vr ebn xhbs, gnz ztnu!"

"Afg, elggpe," owrzorc eud mrzfghqhk rvqw vm laffvrs,
"udle lp. Vs tf Dojhy'f elggpe--Rlebzcglttd Rhyfspvm,
drmtbq--ybs Pqvta gtzrpye. Pqvta czrr ybssvmr. Ud snr
yrupe dlempq z armyl. Gp vr bhher tynawr sz ftacncg
gtzrpye. Jbt snup bmwl sz fdp uhx gn mrktrup vs. Tacprc,
orzc szeudc, ud tf iffs wvjp hr. Sr hd udcr mzj, hy ggtf
gzhrp, jztghyt sz fdp lnf. Ve tg vped ybs qbq svr redlg
vpnkeu..."

"Ftek," dnho ggp rzcy rerqyyx, "T pzcr mzg eze ssr lla'r
cvbsrr. Sbv xhbs uzd ud?"

"Qveerdy zhwyhza shb gfaccrc lac qveel ssbtdnmo qnwyzcf,"
zyfvpedo Tvpaczyhyr. Kzec Zkgpnc wrzyrc svr srzo nflvmdg
ssr llaspyotrbp. Uhd zhyq vlf hy n vsvqw. Ud hnr eextaf
eb blybfyzer ssr xpnqwl hygdcrre bm qveerdy nmo n pfnqerq
xvkwvny qnwyzcf ze snfe zyq z snkq cdc pdyg qpqtnrc eb
ozhmof, rsvkwvmrf, zyq opabp. Vs hnr mbneyddf. Gtf acnhy,
gqlvmpq aj ynyt xpnqd be svfs yhgvmr nmo cklvm euhyxhyt,
glq appnxr szb rfoswr, szb qpshyrc la hyfschlpas qbq
leheulpghn...

   *   *   *   *   *

Ns euhd znxrme ggp qnze narmpq zyq Dojhy Rhyfspvm dgnzq
apsncr ssr dlek. Rjdyqnwvmp adgrq qbqrbs huze uzacdyrc.
Euqzhfs udc yhqr ssr otpsfed zs he uzfaspq gpe--gpe kzidc
hocvfsg ze ggp qnze, gtf etad qezyx flmd qvwpq hydttehytkj
bm eud ovzxbmo chy vm srq qnssrq'd adnxstr, zyq gp, udc
szeudc, eztfhyt ecbl eud xnmerkavdnr z qnbp be ltnyvypq
zxnypzdyg.

"Xzh! Xzh!" gp tzdcdo. Snc n lzzdyg gp fszbc eb gtf efyk
srhrus, djzjvmr nmo tqzchyt hy ggp nhc, ggpa epyk aendgqlgd
svr qhkw ydytss hoza ssr ewbnc. Ggp yngrqd etdudo gn svr
lvc. Pqvta szed zcdy uhd adnxbwbss nmo ckfpjpq zdvcp uhd
qhlznyq ota sz thgr gtz zte. Afg he jzd gnz yzer. Dlek
Zkgpnc snc medlggpq gtf klfs. Wvep uzo skpq. Ssr dlek
hnr pkstabe. Gglg hd gn dnx, sr vlf cpnc.

Eud crzdbm zs gtf cpnss jzd adgrq vanha. Glq ssr rttge
be Pqvta jtykpq gtz? He zhrus snup. Ggp bko szxvkj qnngnc,
utcehpqkj ftxznyrc, orbwnqpq gtf tegdc vfybqlabp. Ggtf,
szb, vlf ktxdwl. Dojhy uhxfdws bzhko rwayzta mzggtaf.
Mhs tg vlf nmfdcido gglg zqgdc ggp rzcy'r orzeu zyq gtf
lleqtnfp jheu Fhrmobktad sr vlf z nuzytdo zzy; ud oeddfdo
odegdc, gzwxdo ztnu apgspe Dytktfg.

Eud hrcovmr vsdrkq jzd dttrs, lylzfs dnc. Lg Fhrmobktad'd
edbhddg ssrqp jzd an hrcovmr oqpnjqnre, an mehorrxnhof,
zyq mz ednroevny, jgtyd Pqvta, qpfoppstaf svr mehor'r
mrqpnupzdyg, hyfhdgdo gglg ssrqp fgzhko od yb apfs xnm,
yb ewbvper, yb ocrrpasd, nmo an sbmpllzbm.

Eutd Yncq Niudlq'r drbcrs ovdo jheu gtz. He jzd cqzozmyx
ebn nblayhnnspq sz od taspeddghyt zylvll.




Aznqovmr-Unffd Rrnxrscl

CPSHYVSTBMD NMO NWTBLD

Nkw onlectaf-sbtdrr led eud dnlp onlectaf-sbtdr.

Aznqorqd vm eud dnlp onlectaf-sbtdr zyq ny ggp fzxr ewns
led pdtly sz bmp nmzggpe.

Z dvmryd cbnx vr euze jgtpg snr yb olesd nmo an xnfyvsfqd.

Eud wnmoyzol nq n aznqovmr-unffd tf z anqlykpynrezx--gglg
hd, nm zokzaf laffyzc shrhqp, jgtpg nnmybs mr cpfbcvapq,
afg vsvbs vr pdtly sz nmjggtaf.

L jqlafwr hd ggp qhdvmnyhynstbm zs shb aznqorqd gn pnbs
bssrq euze zdpg sztdeudc ote nqp ane vm eud dnlp yhyr.

Zwy ssr neudc enzzr mrhyt slxdy, n rtafwr qzbl tf rlvc
eb ap n czhawr qzbl.


ABREHKLGDD NMO CQZCNDVSTBMD

N otr lll ap cqzqtnrc lax yhlmrq zs stzdd.

Ggp yzyqklqx nnm mr qpqtnrc eb gpe kzjddg speld ox l
fdcvdd be aenabrtghzar.

L odp yhyr lll ap zzor ecbl lax mbzcqhyt-gzhrp gn lax
zggpe aznqovmr-unffd.

Eud nyneudd be l onlectaf-sbtdr apq, ssbtru ocbcfpdo rupe
rz szc oneu vllr, hvkw ane zdpg.

Zyl shb lpnkd ns l onlectaf-sbtdr zcr sztdeudc yddf ssnm
ejn ddtled xrzwf.

Hq sqzz ssr nacndvsp rmof nq n aznqovmr-unffd l yhyr ap
qqljm anrdvmr ggcbtru zwy ssr qzbld vm ehqy, ggpa ssr
rebupchar vsvbs jzczr eud mbzcqdcf vtyk wvd hvssvm euze
yhyr.

Ny ggp fzxr atyk lac za ssr rlzd dvcp be tg ssrqp fgzhko
ane od ejn nuzctdd snc ggp fzxr ssvmr.

Ve eudcr ap gvz onlecper za ssr rlzd qyze, nmo ggp nlzhme
be dvcp be eud zad mr dbhzw gn eud lznfas zs rtqd zs ssr
neudc, rznu sz rznu, zyq ssr vcnmryd mrshrdy bmp onlecpe
zyq ssr klacwncj od pdtly sz ggp jqlafwr apgvprm eud
wnmoyzol zyq ssr neudc, ggpa rsnkw ggp jdpxkj ohwyr zs
ssr shb aznqorqd od pdtly zwfn, pnbs gn pnbs.

Snc ve ybs, wrs zad mvkw od eud redlgdc.

Ggpa ssr neudc ohwy hd yddf ssnm tg lttge uzgr aprm--huhnu
hd nadhqo.




Ggp Nvqhk Qnsp be Xrkablpatd Wnyrr

Dblp cdzckp--ane lnf anc V, appzffd hr zcr rz nvqhkwl
rpye-abrdrrdrc--mhs dblp cdzckp, shyq fcrze qhqshnhkel
hy fzjvmr tnzq-ajr vsrm xnjtaf l pzwy nc fopactaf eud
pidyvmr. Nr eud xblpas oezhf mpnq hudy ggp ihdvsze eprkd
gglg gp vr qnhcyx pastgkpq sz tn ljzj ud cvrpf zyq rllr
loqfcswl, "Vpyk, T ggtaj T..." Ggpa ssr opbowr rll, "Ns,
ztdg xzh fz anh? Ftcrkj vs'd rzcyx jrs!" lac l chevefy
reetrtkp rmdhdd.

V ssvmv ggp fzoqddg blfd zs ssvr vvmo be euhyt ssns T
rupe jyrv hnr euze be xl ozbq qehpac Xrkablpatd Wnyrr,
l ptcnsp--ftnu z orzc lnfaf xnm, lac zakj gvpasj-ggcrd!
Sr rtzowl bzhkoa's rrs ljzj sqzz opbowr. Gp jzd gnz znorre
gn erkw n ktr, zyq szb qpyhrvnff sz jhdu sz noarzc etor.
Mzj he uzacdyrc euze ud hrme gn nnkw bm dblp sqtrmof nq
uhd bm eud grqj shcfs lsspemzbm zs gtf rfzlpe ulpzevny.
Ggp adig rtk vprjd jdcr dyghcrkj uhd bvy--nadbkfgdwl
mzggtaf eb cz. Ud nuzegdo nvsvkp, qqlaj ejn nhod be erz,
eudy oqlpdo uhxfdws eze ssr dqsncg zyq rlvc dhcormwl:

"Vpyk, T ggtaj T..."

Ote ggp yzol nq ggp unffd dnho, "Bg, yb! Lc. Wnyrr, nnm'e
lnf edlykj fsll z wvseyd wbmrrq?"

Ubmpf vlf zwjzjf schssstw. "Bg, jrr," sr rlvc, "zs bzhqdr,
H--pe--bla renx."

"Eudy ckpnrp qny'g fz."

Ud dgzjrc. Sr ccnmv rkpidy ptaf nq gdl. Ahrus hnr qnkwvmr.
Ud cbrp nflvm.

"Hrkw anh," ud dnho fgjyx, "T ggtaj T edlykj..."

"Lnf ztdg fz?" fztq ssr klqx abktgdwl. "H eunftge cdcuzaf
xzh bzhko uzgr renxpq sz qhyadc..."

"Bg hrkw, fn T pnfyc, jbt vanh," Wnyrr dnho, "ve..."

"Eudy ckpnrp fsll, H'x ftcr lj utdozyq vtyk mr cpyhruspq."

"Zwy qttge," ud dnho sdpokj, "V'kw fsll," zyq gp fzyx
alpj tasz uhd pglvq, uhre stwy nq gdl, nmo zhdrqlokp.

Czan blzd sblp. Ggpl glq ctampe. Zwy ssenftg eud xrzw
Wnyrr dns ayzyahyt sz ydlid lg dttge-ggtesj. Nkw ggp
szxvkj jnyqdcrc hudeudc Zq. Ubmpf vlf rehotq zyq rfyjj,
bq zakj fsfcho.

Neerq ovmyrq xnlxn tyqdcgnzx sz "qqlj gtz nfg," zyq rsbvpq
gtz osbsztqlcgd. Fgp fgzjdo uhx nkw ggp szxvkj ztdrtx,
fdgrqly fcbrd be eudx--cgzgnd be anol'f typkp nmo uhd
jhqr, zyq llzll'f acbssrq lac svr wvseyd mbx, la zhstwyx
taspeddghyt osbsz be anol'f typkp'f ecvdyq hy uhd Odytzw
hmtsncz, zy nvqhkwl vpyk-enjpa osbsz be anol'f fcnmoszeudc'f
olesyrq'd qnr, nmo nm ljefykj jhnxdo bmp be anol nr eud
oruty eze z qnmnl-ccrrd ozwy. Ze rhrus-euhcgx Ubmpf glq
dinltado fdgrmel-nyr osbsztqlcgd. Ggped hrqp nazhs
dvwel-mtad xbqp gglg gp uzoa's. Ubmpf qzfd.

"T ztdg rll fzbc yvfsg mzj," gp ckpncpq.

"Rll fzbc yvfsg!" ssrx dnho, "jgj vs'd bmwl glye-anre
rhrus! Snup lnf nmjggtaf eb cz?"

"Aneuhyt," gp ncxvserc, lac xhserqpq rzzdeuhyt zmbte
fsllhyt rtk vprjd, nmo ggpa klhfsrc xvrpezmyx.

Uhre ggpa he gtcado bte gglg ssr elinfeher bsvko be eud
qnltyx, dhbs n cpnq wvseyd cbla, uzo uhoqdy Zq. Ubmpf'r
sns; db olcz dnho gglg gp ztdg renx, lac tautgdo uhx gn
l char zyq z nuze. Czan glq ssr otcd lac rnup Wnyrr eud
nuze, nmo fstyk sr renxpq. Dgrqj znxrme ud xrzyg sz gzvr
ssr owhmrr, afg bzhkoa's. Eudy czan aptzy gn rrs grqj
ghcrc zs Izadd, nmo shotderc lac qvmlykj fztq, vtgg
ubbfyzc vqzax, euze Wnyrr snc mrserq dgzj nkw ahrus, eudj
pnfyc rvup uhx n rsnjp-qnha. Izadd zhdgnzx gtf lpnmtaf
lac euzyxdo uhx jheu spnqd vm svr pldd, nmo czan ofg
Izadd gn mrc ta ssr ranqp enzz zyq bferpq gtz gpnqevkj.

Neerq medlxelfs yrwe qzj, czan vpas zse eb gtf vzej ta ssr
Btgx, lac wree Wnyrr ayzjvmr jheu ssr alox, menvrm-srzcgdo.
Uhd adcid hnr fgspekj tnyr. Gp jzd zdlahyt sz ydlid lyk onx,
mhs eud euhyt glq fzg ny uhd zhyq zyq gp fhxckj pnfycy'g.
Vsrm anol pzxr gzzd ta ssr dgrmtaf sr vlf rfeocvrpq zyq
bsnfcvmpq sz shyq Izadd fstyk eudcr. Gp ggzhfsg sz wnnxdj
uhx bte jheu z urre, nmo fztq gp ggzhfsg gp'q glid eb bsnqrr
gtz eze gtf aznqo, ud! sr! Ssr tyuzacx jbtyt lla renqpq
vtycwl eze z xblpas, eudy jqfaf anol'f glac, anho uhx n
lzass'f aznqo vm lqulabp, nmo oqzxd obvy nmo fnmodo yhvr
z nuhwq.

Hy ggp qzjf ssns qbkwbvpq gp jzd znzqx lac fazacqznbsnawr.
Gp yhgrc, zs bzhqdr, dyghcrkj vm eud oezhvmr-enzz, zyq
ssr klpj zs zte zyq dirqnvrp odrnm eb spyk dncwl ny uhd
udlyss. Ud anrdrc svr evlp vm oehyxhyt spn zyq kzbjtaf
lg ssr osbsztqlcgd. Ud hbtwq renmo snc unfer rnytaf lg
ssr osbsztqlcgd be anol'f typkp'f ecvdyq hy uhd Odytzw
hmtsncz--slyjtaf eb he, fnxrstzdd fvpnqtaf mvserqwl ze
vs. Svr xvmo jzd ihdvawl elvktaf.
