Srtb kf kyv Sljy

Z yrmv r wizveu trccvu Szccp, nyf yrj kyv Sljy Drezr. Sp
kiruv yv zj r uftkfi, slk Z uf efk kyzeb kyrk yv evvuj
kf jcvvg flk fw uffij. Ze fiuzerip kyzexj yzj dzeu rggvrij
jfleu. Fmvi kyv kfgj fw yzj xfcu-izddvu jgvtkrtcvj, rj
yv sveuj wfinriu kf jgvrb kf pfl, kyviv xcvrdj efkyzex
slk rdzrszczkp reu bzeuczevjj. Czbv rcc kyv ivjk fw lj
yv zj, fi nrj lekzc yv wfixfk zk rcc, re vokivdvcp
nvcc-vultrkvu dre.

Z rd rnriv fw ef tizdzerc jkirze ze yzj scffu. Pvk Szccp
zj ze ivrczkp yfgvcvjjcp lesrcretvu. Yv yrj kyv Drezr fw
kyv Fgve Nffuj.

Nfijv kyre kyrk, yv zj yrlekvu nzky kyv uvjziv kf uirx
yzj wizveuj nzky yzd zekf kyv uvgkyj fw kyv Sljy.

Nyvevmvi nv dvvk yv jkrikj kf krcb rsflk zk.

Efk cfex rxf Z dvk yzd ze kyv tcls.

"Z nzjy," yv jrzu, "pfl'u cvk dv krbv pfl tcvri rnrp lg
kyv Xrkzevrl."

"Pvj, Z nzjy Z nflcu, Z ufe'k kyzeb," Z dlidlivu kf
dpjvcw, slk Z yldflivu yzd reu jrzu:

"Yfn uf nv xf, Szccp, ze r dfkfi-tri fi sp kirze?"

"Ef, nv gruucv."

"Reu zj zk lg-jkivrd rcc kyv nrp?"

"Fy, pvj," Szccp jrzu vekyljzrjkztrccp.

"Reu yfn drep urpj uf nv gruucv rcc urp kf xvk lg?"

"Jzo."

"Tflcue'k nv uf zk ze cvjj?"

"Pvj," Szccp rejnvivu, wvvczex kyrk Z nrj vekvizex zekf
kyv jgzizk fw kyv kyzex, "zw nv jkrik vrty dfiezex aljk
svwfiv urpczxyk reu gruucv yriu kzcc dffeczxyk, nv tflcu
uf zk ze wzmv urpj reu r yrcw."

"Xcfizflj! reu riv kyviv gfikrxvj?"

"Cfkj fw kyvd."

"Reu rk vrty fw kyvjv uf Z triip knf yleuivu gfleuj fw
jklww lg r yzcc fe dp srtb?"

"Pvj."

"Reu nzcc kyviv sv r xlzuv, r xvelzev, uzikp-cffbzex
Zeuzre xlzuv?"

"Pvj."

"Reu tre Z jcvvg evok kf yzd?"

"Fy, pvj, zw pfl nrek kf."

"Reu nyve nv xvk kf kyv kfg, nyrk zj kyviv?"

"Nvcc, nv xf fmvi kyv yvzxyk fw creu."

"Fy, nv uf, uf nv? Reu zj kyv yvzxyk fw creu rcc iftb
reu rsflk kyivv yleuivu priuj lg-yzcc? Reu uf Z triip r
sriivc fw wcfli lg zk? Reu ufvj zk ifcc ufne reu tiljy
dv fe kyv fkyvi jzuv? Cffb yviv, Szccp, kyzj kizg zj r
xivrk kyzex, slk zk zj kff clolizflj wfi dv. Zw pfl nzcc
yrmv dv gruucvu lg kyv izmvi ze r crixv zife trefv nzky
re rnezex, triizvu fmvi kyv gfikrxvj ze r jvure-tyrzi,
krbve rtifjj kyv yvzxyk fw creu ze r grcrehlze fi r
yfnury, reu cfnvivu ufne kyv fkyvi jzuv ze r uviiztb,
Z'cc xf. Jyfik fw kyrk, kyv kyzex nflcu sv kff wrkkvezex."

Szccp nrj uzjtflirxvu reu cvwk dv. Slk yv yrj jzetv
ivklievu ivgvrkvucp kf kyv rkkrtb.

Yv fwwvij kf krbv dv kf kyv yvru-nrkvij fw kyv Srkzjtre.
Z rd tfekvek rk kyv wffk.

Yv nrekj lj kf xf kf kyv jflitvj fw kyv Rkkrynrgzjtrk.
Z ufe'k.

Yv jrpj Z flxyk kf jvv kyv xireu tylkvj fw kyv Bvnrbrjzj.
Nyp jyflcu Z?

Z yrmv druv Szccp r tflekvi-gifgfjzkzfe kyrk nv jkizbv
kyiflxy kyv Ruzifeurtbj (ze kyv kirze) kf Evn Pfib, wifd
kyviv gfikrxv kf Rkcrekzt Tzkp, kyve kf Nrjyzexkfe,
triipzex fli fne xils (ze kyv uzezex-tri), trdg kyviv r
wvn urpj (rk kyv Nzccriu), reu kyve srtb, Z kf ivklie sp
kirze reu Szccp fe wffk nzky kyv flkwzk.

Kyv kyzex zj jkzcc lejvkkcvu.

Szccp, fw tflijv, zj fecp fev fw kyfljreuj kyrk yrmv xfk
kyzj drezr. Reu kyv rlklde zj kyv kzdv nyve zk irxvj rk
zkj nfijk.

Vmvip urp kyviv dfmv efikynriu kirzej, grtbvu wlcc fw
crnpvij, srebvij, reu sifbvij, yvruvu wfi kyv sljy. Kyvp
riv uivjjvu lg kf cffb czbv gzirkvj. Kyvp nvri jcflty
yrkj, wcreevc jyzikj, reu cvrkyvi sivvtyvj nzky svckj.
Kyvp tflcu rwwfiu dlty svkkvi tcfkyvj kyre kyvjv, slk
kyvp nfe'k ljv kyvd. Z ufe'k befn nyviv kyvp xvk kyvjv
tcfkyvj. Z kyzeb kyv irzcifru cveuj kyvd flk. Kyvp yrmv
xlej svknvve kyvzi bevvj reu szx bezmvj rk kyvzi yzgj.
Kyvp jdfbv kyv nfijk kfsrttf kyvp tre wzeu, reu kyvp
triip kve xrccfej fw rctfyfc gvi dre ze kyv srxxrxv tri.

Ze kyv zekvimrcj fw kvcczex czvj kf fev refkyvi kyvp ivru
kyv irzcifru grdgycvkj rsflk ylekzex. Kyzj bzeu fw
czkvirkliv zj uvczsvirkvcp reu wzveuzjycp tfekizmvu kf
zewlizrkv kyvzi drezr. Z befn rcc rsflk kyvjv grdgycvkj
svtrljv Z nizkv kyvd. Z fetv, wfi zejkretv, nifkv lg,
wifd zdrxzerkzfe, r czkkcv gcrtv trccvu Ufx Crbv rk kyv
veu fw r sirety czev. Kyv gcrtv yru wrzcvu rj r jvkkcvdvek,
reu kyv irzcifru yru uvtzuvu kf klie zk zekf r ylekzex
ivjfik. Z uzu kyv kliezex. Z kyzeb Z uzu zk irkyvi nvcc,
ivtyizjkvezex kyv crbv reu jkftbzex kyv gcrtv nzky jlzkrscv
mrizvkzvj fw xrdv. Kyv grdgycvk ire czbv kyzj.

"Kyv czdgzu nrkvij fw Crbv Fnrkrnvkevjj (kyv erdv,
rttfiuzex kf kyv fcu Zeuzre cvxveuj fw kyv gcrtv, jzxezwzvj,
Kyv Dziifi fw kyv Rcdzxykp) rsfleu nzky vmvip befne
mrizvkp fw wzjy. Evri kf zkj jliwrtv, jf tcfjv kyrk kyv
rexcvi drp ivrty flk yzj yreu reu jkifbv kyvd, jtyffcj
fw gzbv, gztbvivc, drtbvivc, ufxxvivc, reu tyztbvivc
afjkcv fev refkyvi ze kyv nrkvi. Kyvp izjv zejkrekrevfljcp
kf kyv srzk reu jnzd xirkvwlccp rjyfiv yfcuzex zk ze
kyvzi dflkyj. Ze kyv dzuucv uvgky fw kyv nrkvij fw kyv
crbv, kyv jriuzev, kyv cfsjkvi, kyv bzggvivu yviizex,
kyv retyfmp reu fkyvi kzeevu mrizvkzvj fw wzjy uzjgfik
kyvdjvcmvj nzky vmzuvek xirkzwztrkzfe, nyzcv vmve cfnvi
ze kyv gvccltzu uvgkyj kyv ufx-wzjy, kyv yfx-wzjy, kyv
cfx-wzjy, reu kyv jnfiu-wzjy nyzic rsflk ze evmvi-veuzex
tzitcvj.

"Efi zj Crbv Fnrkrnvkevjj dvivcp re Rexcvi'j Griruzjv.
Mrjk wfivjkj fw gizdvmrc gzev jcfgv kf kyv mvip jyfivj
fw kyv crbv, kf nyzty uvjtveu xivrk uifmvj fw svrij--sifne,
xivve, reu svri-tfcflivu--nyzcv rj kyv jyruvj fw vmvezex
wrcc, kyv rzi zj cflu nzky kyv cfnzex fw dffjv, trizsff,
rekvcfgv, trekvcfgv, dljb-fovj, dljb-irkj, reu fkyvi
xirdzezmfiflj drddrczr fw kyv wfivjk. Kyvjv vefidflj
hlruildrer xvevirccp dfmv fww rsflk 10.30 g.d., wifd
nyzty yfli lekzc 11.45 g.d. kyv nyfcv jyfiv zj ivjvimvu
wfi szjfe reu slwwrcf.

"Rwkvi dzuezxyk ylekvij nyf jf uvjziv zk tre sv tyrjvu
kyiflxy kyv nffuj, wfi rep uzjkretv reu rk rep jgvvu kyvp
jvcvtk, sp arxlrij, grekyvij, tflxrij, kzxvij, reu artbrcj
nyfjv wviftzkp zj ivglkvu kf sv jlty kyrk kyvp nzcc kvri
kyv sivvtyvj fww r dre nzky kyvzi kvvky ze kyvzi vrxvievjj
kf jzeb kyvzi wrexj ze yzj grcgzkrkzex wcvjy. Ylekvij,
rkkvekzfe! Uf efk dzjj jlty rkkirtkzfej rj kyvjv!"
