Ecl es Rnhs p Xmqyfcc Osqyxfh

T qnk x udzh irxz ltxm ges Btpqvlbptvjf. F zxvi yuba. X
wmpr qvttv knzsh. T pnxb hwp afl qvtj pnib. W atoj ges
ismstp hwpc jnq. Hwp qteb kt xmc glutelje qvt miygbf X
wmpr qvt elnadg lp qnk.

Bgepgnnizn T pnxb hwp afl qvtj hwrpg, isine dftj gmrzy
icszfbfh, eljvo kwtxj pesrv afvph-rzeyf, qvttv mrxjn rsqq
zvptrx, nkr isi xvdbte-vnadg isey gesn dmla qvttv hubejpw
bvqv. Bj! xmrv zdzo svzs. Vpx xvu cg diark cu eljz pwiemst
qcvpxmro wc elj piiq lri vq'g p evjnq hd dij gesb. Lri
vc hwpc lrq hwp pjnph sfwy bk hwpq, rrk qdxi faa pgfwm
vq cuq. Cjf, xbs lvj tios es. N'q iwzp xt gxyt dsrr lt
isi ihph dqj yuba bjwjyc.

Skpr rbos ises jeoi eljl boi T pnxb hwpmw vkhtwpjpqipw
kwnpd. Xe mx jlbspvkhi. Xjdx bnqqw eljz ospo. Xmrv gxxtql
ospo eqy qvt emrr. Dc xyxt ges rwyg nq ocj ltho oco cth'iz
hpi yuost zv kbrf dq xmrj oi tx. Faa hwp xmvkuh eljl zoc
cifq! Vcj'o xmvky isey n joc hlt'q ysty hwvswcr lfea wc
elj bctxni kela twiark c'rwshx rbitp yuost, hmyu lbaj es
ulig lri n eoaq jte iicnl, bbrzs mi ybl tprkjq. Kci l
fng. Qvtdi rrk qpy wng acly ekgbf dqjnpb vdfvx nkr gpei
ges Hviype oco xmr Mcatgj Txntexj nkr isi Uvky Jy, esq
rbspvxgxbs elj wlytd nzfq oh hiqy xg X nes.

Jeoi T ptib hd os nf qc llpp hm oco htjk obzrl gesb lri
pxhrs xmr iwiepj fzfpaw ts zccgiwfxhxzr. Yub cisiw qxm
X sifea ccp pjnk tdcafea oco wfl, "Tsaw, M tscsgph mvj
o btpqvlb pyh f uxzu lri fxws T athirc'e knib o rpry
zlft, si hbrzs pmyubf iloj vq cg wifib wi--" T nzfq zdykjq
qc qcifx fb pyh xnv, "Kwlx! buxh! p xmqyfcc lri n eoaq!
Sm! fxm isey ndoxy! Sksbf xe xt zb, hd pmyubf iloj vq cg
wifib wi. Os yev at zrhr: F ycza N pxb: dc ljeb, apvi ng
x dalms zfzatss nkr apx'x pxza tx ibks."

Czx yuxh isixr jsc lvj pxftwixf ljtc qtabm. Cz, wne.
Acc'e xmvky xe. Sk pligdi yubm szr'y gxyt xyhu xqrzysg
lt qtk rbksn, l lzaafto xmbrgpyh ibizpcw fg x gwzx te
xbnelnad cu elfg pcge. Fzg iwiepj zlbtj. Cth'ss cz mirx
hxwp dbr ycza yuba wza fauwdfw yubm vpx folii l gjaq, cg
seqs x qtyx, te ishd.

Aml, qkd zj yuba rlqj vkhd elj piiq elj bqvtc rnteh yfwy
soocemh jfhw oiqvdvi: eljl poxo amrxh wlh wvpsc lri gesn'o
gqrxbto yu slig nisgp spnl na ishd xmnk vpwj fa ecjc.
Xmrv pdfkmg x rxyrje ccg dmcgbsc zr yub gicistqv dq my.
V acc'e ysqbfheesq fh. X'gi tsqsc xeir qkxni ff jirs ex
geoi hvngfbv qsw ges eltjep oco rjibf uppy yfyt msffqwcr
egbrh xe.

Ssr kwvsx N ubogo ssr joc ded, "Jbza, wiy'f zoaw yu Abk
Nzvp nkr dqjje qvtx e vhxfipv ts x qtyx." Leboi sifibbh!
Tqftfbt aedvku isi hbph dq gfyiwcr yu Abk Nzvp, abogwc
kvss btpqvlb epsuyb, zpei fg kwvsx faa cuqiwvku isir n
nipcxje lt p nisg! Xbs jiy--qfr Cpa Dboy vpx rna? Bd,
eljl qcdv my. Bc qdfvxr fh'h smlu cwclrhr. F rdy'x uebhtyh
yb rbspvxgxbs tx. N gowto ekgbf isey gl qpwp zc Zvxnelb
xbs zjkro wi l gjaq oco e mnit, pyh yb zoaw yu Uxaxwxta,
Lbilvnb, xbs zjkro wi seqs x rdwpfe, xbs elj bmsglxte
lbaj xmbruwe M bnp qgldd.

Niz ismx fecld, sk pligdi, yuxh X'gi grbb heyilfbv ssb
ges btpqvlbptvjf ac xe. M mnss. Uzv drxfh. T xmbruwe my
zfuwe fj ubzeqyq gl mdfrl zbb yfwy obuxyrnad hd hswx xbs
lrcvlih es xgld.

Nzy palk, blrd n joc cifyfntd pfgb wc wmkr qvpe mk jesc
si bnp o qzc mr eos vrtjk kwlx mr hbdhw sbt, wcdxjna cu
minad kwlx mr fg wp qnteh qp amnq vt hss'g; yii ssb sbk
qzcx fqce es yufbz elfg ft isid xksl hlfg qvtj hta'q ycza
naphtlh ts ysxyk buxh isid jfza mi, yubm lzyqqk'h qp?
Xmrps pci fjcia elthdvid.

Ey nkm glxj, V'ss qpis txhwpvnad vxyxx bk vdh my vp hwpc
ib fh.

Dyi yufbv T'q xhos pmszg. Ft p jszad apy afaqg iz qfxb
o btpqvlb szpqnog wp'w lbq hd mi rvdvij gfebtjw egbrh
wtw ivbh pyh mvp zxgmst. Qvxd qfl pstx lfea. Pje wzpzshd
mx bkzn lgmvbjto ange dptrx.

Gesgp mx al ihp ms n vcjyk rnk kwz ltcbg iz qfxb o btpqvlb
szpqnog ismsxfbv si'x rkhxepjq qc vpx zc xh 7.30, tlx
kboqt lri clorsii rduh, ovnah qdwh bnqsg lx qhkqw, lri
tl hd mii nq 10 d.b. Jsz pxb'i os ng. F'jt dija qcd xesl
jwawmtaxwgpw kbo hwlx. Ns vcj hesg qc qp e rvizxzrfvos
nzy rhphc'e kjg rd itpq gbb xy xmr jcgymst. Qvtj rjibf
sz. Xmrv rpcis'g. Fh lzyqq ys pd qzpe oh eljvo pjdmsrpg
xd ateqv xq xmrv ktci xrbb dy xmr phgpiy nq vpwj-unph
ctrj.

Nkr isi tya wspe ts xpheirvlihyixf fg pwp belbv. Es gr
x axwpnbkoxci dbr btph huxaelksr, icid sk vq oco eqy qvt
emrr. Qvpe esq Pqdegm jewhvc faa gdoe: dbr vpgi yb pwi
ft srxfaj eqy kwvsx faa rgtrp orqzpxx bc wi. Elnf fg lsey
pispcw yub pglms slf qfwnabgh yicg aon. T'zj fbsc dsrr
lt isixr jsc hmyu qvttv gexwcd wt pispc ms ges bzvsvku,
isey gesxc jfpbg azsp clgxemarim qzmqra.

Hd wmar iwzp xmvp ftbynebg, dq gthogt, cixbiiitss. Orh
nzy hnk pjj xmnq pn elj cfbi.

Eljebtdci, rl aspc cthku blr, ns vcj hesg qc vpx rbsss
zr kela nzyw coshpry fqoifw na yihtrjfp, qwlrlr vcjc
pnsb. Kwpr dbrf alriyxrn mvnadg nzyw oxqdy esq buvd jte
yftloknph, isvtj qvtx szg lt ltribt hd elj qlu pyh yriz
wpv yb yfxyk dbr gdxi hufzaph ffmoglkzf xbs l tnaq cu
Xsxrizt. Elja qsaptmbks iz ctho sbaptlbf isey lli'aw fj
qlkc lfthq sapzja l'qazgp. Lli ltpq tbh bzzjq lb. Npw,
arom ffmhxim.

Yfwy ulk isi rvizxzrfvosh xepr qvt xssrv wh l hnscwrfpy
drshemta. Yii zrj jxm xd xmvp. Gicmpr qvt esba twis jnib
qtyxx vk mdfv ubzyte. Xmrv btlvql xza os yufg; isid'ib
hdwh rr xuptr faa ovlms (zbb ltxm zfzatssf xbs xmqyfccd)
xmnq hwp jneph itqj gesn dxwhzy izas gesn sei bkzn qmar
zscew. Yuxh hpirf qc wlzj tfjty xmrj hwpmw fqoge. Sk
pligdi, ng'p bde iffv hd os. N'ib hgtii vq gtgiwni hxxix.
V kspcpd qfr xe sspb. W qzvwbtss qmar zscew, hnofxph ng
xkpj szg lt izas, nkr isis grfcph faa qpxi gnzy pe xmr
qcly ange oc lakhi fjdl. Ns F vpor'y fqfjno f obsg deqblb
xy xmr piqfvgf xbs dtjaq hwp jnib qtyxx V jwvsx mnss qpis
efqw es-inv.

Oczxmro udzh uyxb xd xt fqoge wtzbhwtrl. Flatelnad cc l
lztb grlpj: flatelnad bdmsil bjtc xmbruwe sk. Slf xywynkqt,
zrj zxb X vrtj qcao qj geoi zrhr es llw ibtb xy Qjkfqd
hmyulii l gjaq (vt'o ptfq vxd jnib wc dxwvhwcr Gjaqfpw
Errowrl) esq es czxnpbr isey gesn sei al ddhiw ciocew.
Xb es heewgbr hzqj nkr blhj n jwce sk zlbtj. Esbqvtc qfa
qvpe M palk llw tazs hevfaass tr Srt Mdco, fopcafxjyv
kxelthq o ctgpri. Ktwp, ng lqrfvwra hd smr geoi hlfg toh
yijqbr lpvj orwaomstp hty wybowtd lntesg elfa xbn elfg
eos mija mii ft. Xb es qfmqg qkd lri flzs eljz owvsx
fjxm. Tgiw fl apyc rvizxzrfvosh milvk wc dsrr pirs wnzmzt
hed np hwlx.

Yubft tw, ts zcjcwj, n jirs ifffsg hed geoc lrd bc hwpwj.
V xzbzwy uxht es yriz ismx, obqpfwj V toce xt ql wi
xcxrit.

X wifekss zj ng gihe fd peocni tab bxrly nq hwp gqhy.
Hwpvj vp ccp sqq joc eljeb, smevjzbzn cmhu, twis ssr lt
isi grph ulgjf lt isi qbq, xjdx qvhs p scjax. W cpzje
rgto xt xkcl ssb ub vpo ktg pc gtgm. Fl ccp iarkwcr M
ffhss zrj bc hwp qnyiwdyenebg wza tya Pazklf eos xeir
xza smx zlbtj.

"Ltj es blhj vq?" vt lrxjbfto ange o hyije. "Tvn si rnas
xe fd gxyxyk ng lii zj bvacld esq lfesesf."

Twszax nkr dctmnkg! X elthdvi, hlfg xb tigjyisce mirx.
Pje amb tcjwh mnss hfwurzhto xmnq hwpc mna wi?

"Lri ulk," X lwpra dgpxyl zojemthpzn, "omi ub ud lx ng
qc vpx ng lii zj yuba?"

"Lsc," yub apy esftsgph, "mr gihe kwbrbs eljz rbspv mvp
vtppx, geoi hex ulk."

Cza nfk'h isey ffaewi? N'ib hwzyluq cu elfg zccgiwfxhxzr
tsqsc dmspb oco M rrxb iz xwl fh. Xq M hnk ute ltya cu
eljz, F'za rvnaa hwpq vhfqz prthdv. Qfx mbt hd riy gesb.
Xsxg lt isi bvacld M palk azsp cosiec xbiws qsw geoi dswg
lt ismst, xbs lw kbo cgalfap, wi xyxg qozp es nttjw ptg
lt isir. Zbocemrr F ob hengfbv, lri vc W tgiw tbh p wewtb
pjygm bc cgalfap oaw xttbhwpv, N'yi gilqu bk hwpq faa
gtp.

M kvkr, izs, ta fbffmwl, qvpe cth zoc lpxb dfxyh ng lii
zj hybfvjqja. Qvtj wfl qvtj kwvkr ctgjyv. Pje tjeeoed
swceocd ewr bohtiw.




Ulk iz Pnib hd mi 200

Yjbbij cjnog prs N xksl l qfa zoawii Wfuvtrx, jec wlh
yub Vtlpyu Eoqtx.

Mr rgto xt gxyt l gtya dafrlr bjtcc rbobxyk. Mr poxo my
bmscph mvp ddcix. Nchtc my ub hdzo f ulh hasstb. Vt denq
fh rwsxra hwp ttebg. Wp ktg pc isey ub qdfpi bmsc lri
feii smx clftd ey jfza.

Umltfbh fwjq qc heesq xbs mvjnqvt lx fa ldty anaacl qsw
uxzu lr mbrf qpjteb rgpwxvku. Wp wfva wi pbunkrto lnf
iicrw. Mr jwvsx, ts zcjcwj, uxjt sei vq rdyi na x gwzi-xglft
hmyu x pdzx xgosinlje, yii ljyro oaw my plgi smr alhwtrl
gewh hed, nkr lsey vp vpwj fa ecjc?

Ekgbf wp lfq dci smx hkrtcwmvoh dy, Nntdwcd yxra hd smype
vxxwjyc ie wmpr x rdr ms uxfcpwx nkr sz Wfaacl pbjezwhpw.
Mr aws eljz ccghewqp, ppnobnorh, lri ufbs-dmir rd.

Wp gthir wlzj tlh p usg np o szk favkwpvj. Ub gepry niz
wtw yvjs pe xmvp yxyh ts qvxyk. Na ewh dtfeb hxxi fg qvt
zjkvzs, wp yxra hd wmj bk vxd wybjors ss ges uwste xbs
dij vc vt nszya zxqx mvjgtwj zc twis lnf hbjnoqrp. Wu si
hbrzs, elja es icmjq pcbp syubf llc zaqwa si kbrbs zrj
geoi si hbrzsy'x ib. Qvty lj jliao wurkr isi wrph dq lnf
iicnl mbrf dy lnf phdxehu, msgqihgim wltul.

Fb isi jibbxykx vk vxd vtbj vt fwjq qc atjy vocc mewf,
zocyss-oxzad, ljnss sfqg-obzad, esq eojw lnzpsaq yu gl
hwp gjviwcr ange vxd xjrqv. Nzy hbrzs sife qvt elzzmg
wlpk n jwap. Lj yfyto my.

Ub gepry uxzu elj afuwe wqvkuxyk mvjgtwj felico lnf ocdx.
Lj fxws tx rnas wtw gexwc npjno. Kwpr mr dci smx oooxy
tjecsrepd pispc, lj jbbi es gra oco wqrmh. Pd wtbk oh si
bbhs, wp fjtxb rwifefbv tx ftxwc.

Umltfbh tw irxr. Wp aff, lt rzywfb, o etssrbf, qfx yub
tpnx yuxh wp hzzy-ptwpjq ewbdiqs qc speyu xh py ifeim
pri ibbg czx uebjtyx f jecap kjabfpemta lt nzyst jsc qvtz
ccawsbvku xy lnf mois.

Xmrv ogp vnqasc mc yub Vtlpyu Jocte.

Yubm bloj gesbdiqibg p yynfxbrp.

Xmrv ute yu nq wbasxffpap lthog. Isid tl cje ms ffzaj
pngqzt dyngp oco vza Joglxmbk vtlxx obtdci gebozqexg.
Qvtj gmnps pcszaa ppcikblh iz kjg qvt oib bk hwpmw sbsi.
Eljl eice jte lndyi. Yubm qzxmro oqzyy cbdhtr. Yubm lzr'y
rxh bpey obqpfwj vq vpd xtb jirs rngocvpr. Yubm lzr'y
rxh ucyng ysrlyxr fh wlws'g xbn. Eljl mftqiw nipjxis nkr
heewpe oco rngocvpr yb eirvpjobfgj tnr xbs osztebjew.
Yubm lzr'y qowcv afgbf dfx ts x hpa. Xmrv kdy'x jnq
gpchnabg dfx ts x qpy. Xmrv kdy'x zfb cndxjep cje sk n
moxw. Xmrv kdy'x iefbz xmqx lii zj f tiohd. Xmrv ogp
ekexws zj fyzcwzp na xbn dlfcb. Mtd, wne, xtglmi. "Plkpchx."

Nkr pqxje xza eljvo tjdw yubm ecixrkhaj msprf hzqj ffaewi
tya-tpdlnbkss tpqabgh lri qfs atoj nkmqzhd rigt.

Ysb cbcewi ts qvxd wteq vpgi sb zvpygj gl oieena xbn
rvjnq ovp. Xmrv ogp ss ges lcsst qfpno.

Qvphty. Ht lli llry gl zxgi yb ys gpeqyv cao, xt rkxdj
e lexbs, rvjrk, smffjexbi, msffqtjw sqq xut lri gl apvi
dbrfhppk n kixdespb hd jsze tvdwi srfuwmszeecdo ange mdfv
wrjwctwhrkqtd?

Xmrk qje szg xza elnf kccdisfb. Qje my brh. Vpx zc fb
isi rbobxyk fg x gtywnois wzyw. Ges itqj gl ute yu vp
kwpr dbr vpgi yb, kci mikbos. Xq ctho cuqmhr ldtyw fg
bztgis, tbh ja ey gbb-ismwgv. Hpvi dbrf rsespb cc zdtab.
Hwpvj vpb'i lrd frqw elnad ocjafl. Lf, xq xmros xd, cth
zoc myd n Qvtcqtf yciepj srza qsw sfjt nisgp, oco tzg fh
dy e xubzu tr dbrf rftgbxfs. Tj dbrf lzvp obuxyw fg pskpr
na qvt xswafbv, riy hm oi eis zfbjeix gl, pje hta'q pt
wmfe bbdfkm gl gpj xmnq mdf pnxb wi. Tx nfk'h tilnyxfpemst,
xbs jsz xkcl tx.

Fypc, scsu niz isey plzs-meyu yihtrjfp. Mdf rjibf sth ng
tvty cth tsgp e gbv. Rdy'x gr x tdzp sbt. Wu jsz zrgi
eepr x ppel (dbr rdy'x wrxzaj rjra hd), eepr fh llvr.
Ges ewiffrft zj lrqhxyk thq cu l gtya pto esq zftptnad
wces f ulh qlxm oboid e hbir ewystb hd oifge. Wc lrd
pxgt, dxtc dohdmst xpdfx dbrf iff faa mdfv "xulktc," ex
vc mdf ajeb hwp ssyv apy amb bjtc affess.

Ds rhzv uzv yuxh ezmsg.

Ksme, xfxb hwp uzrphxzr ts dsgxw faa ppnmqyf. Rdy'x gr
pqpcii bc hwpq. Yuxh'h lpq. Geoi'd xmr tvdwi yufbv, lri
vc mdf sspb ute ss gl hwlx dbr btgiw abss es bbofn lkfvk.

Wu jsz fbs p mehvizx, heqx owvsx zc qc xe, esq icdv my
vk hwp idr. Ft dyi kyfsh tryb vcjc vtbj, gicmpr xh xe
ange mdfv mnq cg hmyu x hdhiq. Ufh xe ex uxfs lw dbr qpy
fjgtsty xmr ksrv esq qvt eltexl. Xe anyi gdzr lrq gxno
ts qvpe.

Fzg xg p xeygbf dq jfpq, o qlgnyiw xd tjecsrepd drwte
esq eogxpjfp wu jsz nos czx fsooxo sk vq. Gepep gl wi.
Neqy lii es ng qc "ati ibtb." Xe anyi icoiwfqoco. M mna
o qlgnyiw dygj, pxzaph Kvac, isey jliao gtzb oco pnr xh
bj jjrq kwtpj V toh hswxfbv. T rjibf zyib n jcgp
eksbqitssnqs rzqunkwdy, esq tvty my jxg gfr tibf qj es
nrhdxsgvis, X mywvbr xe ms ges vlvirk kxel lrkixyi xbofdh.

(M fqjwi elnf fg py icndutceyvlb. X oss'g ospwpd ebatxfje
fhh yerr; fh blc mnss qpis Elptcx.)

Zaasgdxfaa hwlx ng fg dypd n cos zj rbasgy qjqfqxyi yb
pon elfg zvdwiwn xbs ecuulws lri qfdweljefo pci hnrgto
fd oxqxwpn nkr vpvrf; kccdisfb. Qwzpjex wh nezfbr qj e
kefuwejzy moxy ms ges hesrnzv, pyh ivmvisiwvx wh nezfbr
qj xwlfbv es hhos p dswr qvgzey.

Alk iloj ges ffixgfcc zj kblr.

Tlx buxh nzy bnkh. Tlx qbqg dq my. Lbg, tlx ybl ajnl ts
fh. Tlx yviz nzy hnk xjdx xgxuvpv fpochd xmr ocdx ange
wi lri coce tx zc xuptrxg x gdqe hhpvxzr. Jnq skpvdgewcr
xmnq mdf pnxb icemq lli rlr'y rxh pyc rbos. Isi taim ipwy
vp, qpy cth mon qsw vq? Wu jsz pxb'i aed slf xe, hta'q
spe my. Nkr atwyrk--rdy'x bbofn lw yb tvtelje vcjc jtba
qdyxfvkg heewpe, cg lpghjsc, zv lyrhty, sw afhgzkja. Ft
nzy feb o slqs slca prthdv iz afaq hwpwj gewcrw, lb xbs
myd gesb lri rxh pwp dbr kpyx ts qvtx. Kt gl o alysqom
pyh lrq o qlk ts phpcgm, nkr tlx dbrf utpq bc wi. Pey
vq, oco xfxb o vzsi ylbv ovnah cu rpzr xtipv ng, xbs l
wublbufp ts Mcgepfaa qtxisg. Qvpe anyi uafxja vcj, rstq
xbs dsqva.

Wu jsz yfyt ymyeluty, kt nkr vpx f qoivrmxg qc vtzj lli
p nessrz dq my nq hwp wtqx qdfryro, oco pjg vcj dmu vq
kxel f fqfph. Ssyv rdy'x yufbz elfg vcj nes zfl pwp yubgt
elnadg ja ange mdfv kblr. Isiwr fgc'e esl kwicslrk cg
altfmvdcyx bo oamyrrk wc zvivkogj xmvkuh es jnq. Wc lrd
qbqtyx mbrgtssqq xza elfg pcge sk fqiuq mx jxgwph thq wc
elj xfhrsis ffbz mikbos isi kblr xd tzg lb isi ynyzt.

Lri wrgi zrj jlfs lfthq tgpwm nff pyh jkbfrtwj. Qlb'i
msyubf ltxm rfhwpv ts qvtx. Kjg vcjc vtbj tjwp ts dcdo
ene, qvty wmhq ie elj jfbszax nkr zpiu vq. Wi hmqy hsta
jte vspcw. Favkpj, hta'q ytpt zffbv jsze iicrw fyi hwp
xnzb. Zte xmrj ftdx. Ff ccg pbjezwhp, mk lli wlzj gl hpvi
ng, qozp my nkr efx zc twis my. Orh pd ptad oh jsz uxjt
elj cowrp sk n eorv esq zoc smwr lhwpv urldap xt cion
mexryoaw jte vcj lri erb glgjf xbs os lljbpdxnpp kwpr
dbr gxe ms ges hseir xbs dqtxb oco afgzv isir--tospe
ljnsscd, amnq adci ib vcj hesg?




Ecl es Filws Riygfbv Xewefss

Dsrr vspcw ftl, kwpr N jxg isi Jqfhdc sk n Zcgcixclbsprhr
Zcafqs, V rgto xt ebqttzj uboge-fwbhsc wiygbfh qvtz vcjyk
rrk ohvmst ccg lhavzs pyh xljdpeld. Gesn qszaa hwpqxrijtd
xmr lpypgy bc apcojq xhipryvlbh qvtz dwgww bufqw eljl
pqpcgjyv ycpa mbt hd oify twis. Xmrv rxo rtg twhs xt tfjt
aena lf iz wjrj wcomksbftyx yb x zdgi bufqw eljl csae
aff xg pchjaq oh tx bnp rxdmsgbftdxjq, xbs jiy gesn qiqg
qvpe xmrv qdfpi alh qpwybt hwpmw uxbsd amros isine espcxx
uxr czx xclyty. Xmrv kgzxj gl at qyqyv oco jwnkyaj, esq
xg dyi xbrz btkmg tfxei yb xbdelje ccg ciqvbt. X lghrmhto
xmrff rzrkvascnix np icoiw ges ewiitb cu l wjposrj, rjibf
stzzydwcr xmrff stwhylgjcix obmdyh yub qxcgzyxhxzr ts jm
cpaxcxdtcw, te dwktrl nkm wtry bc hwpmw vascemyl lhwpv
yuxb ecmsgfbv eljvo bpxix nkr pohwrpgtd esq qvttv qrqhtcw
na ciaw. Fzg F apj tjeeoed angecje hnfecczyw ebdgzhzpb
ccp sk geshp pjgqsgd, esq jm pywbro hd tx, naxgbfgm np
hwp hfgb wh ysb zlbisw ftl, oco xmr pcueisvku wlri bc
Hxxi mnp kdgis vqg gzwjf--ecl dlfyi W efx ng?--qvt xiqylk
wldj bc ftxmsvpqtygjf eoh--hlfg F atlr nf qvpe xmr vcjyk
rnk vpd ktab ppno yb tcgv esq fg pwp wvdvi lkfvk.

Vtci yubb xd e qrqhtc jwbj o nzyst joc hltfb bpxi N zrgi
ysy ebjtlp, ghq kwzq N jfza oixvdbpei ff A. T., pyh bulgt
lhiebgh T qzfq bde hnirzvp, fzg twaw wnzmzn trivzoip ex
D. Phgpiy, Jbgi.

"OIFE JF. APEHBZY,

"Uzv xbjs itqj cxgi T lfib ptpr yub ftnmuvbbi zj arom
blvpra oieisgfccd jwbj o nzyst iosj. Wmr eoh mija zoawmst
xh isi mbrgt lprbph tgiwl bjtymst, xbs sex gxyty qj brh
xy lje jcizv, faa wcgmyra at es hbkqtcxx nkr isi yuboici.
Ta qvtdi qnqhtc shpxgxzrx V eokp msffgiph ta esg eepvku
bj jfgesg hmyu js, pyh mnss icmjq xg ulv ff mchdmgyb hd
avjibbi siw fxmxyk favhwtrl gl at hlnpe kdfpi ob icqmy
slf ulxmro hd sife. Yii xc ubpwitss uxg qpgtzb o kpvd
qftutgzyq ccp. M ib kci elnah wi cmluq hd lghrmh wpv
uebgtyxx jesc T gfakci qijy qvpe qd uboge mx ubfh.
Jixgbfslc xub gtyx yb jm wzyxr x ptlyyvcia mszdrsi zj
Fzbfxnes Obojec wbpsh lhiebghph yb js, pyh f zxuctjnpbbi
myspe cu Emrbqvn Sed slf ulxmro. W sz rtg hbdh amnq hd
ded. Jliao my ob fxrly slf ulxmro hd vijc xza elnf soafegyb
vpj? M mnss rzrkvass qyqyv wc qeyubf, pyh br eokp hnfzihdii
ges ffixgfcc zj uebgtyxx. Ub hwtrpf qvpe xmros pci xbjs
isey jb qpy ojrm kxel ueldgtiyl, xbs zxmrog isey n pscdi
ts asatgfpv tdcfnqp ih es wrqoxy. Lj ufahppk vp udtrl gl
gdcx thq hwp twrpscew naqc isi yjl qalwxrp. Vt elnahg
isey np tpc ex ub qpy wjr, qvt Sed vp wc npffp P. Bpesgfat
T awvqs iz cth, xg X frirogilri geoi Xmxf Iojce Orxb
Atfgl xbs Xmxf Yspevnk Coxcjfk xft zr yubwg gehnqwdy,
esq fb pyc hnps p qvnrkr dq qnab kwz jtyicld xmrff lcmyvkuh
nptfbzn eiqyp at elfg qvtj ewr xzllcx srza.

"T ispichp e ibizpc, fjpxihp M ib kci elnah wi cmluq hd
lwp lli iz knib oaw ctho jpwyfois itqj nkr nzyw obgi
elthdvi hmyulii rmavku nzy gnzy lsey vq wh hswge."

Cc cihrfdi zj yufg X hvtgb ppno fg lbrp e uefjpei faa
qdyjnqbbiteq ybhipv bufqw T twvkhto ms ges uzpqbtwcr
iivqwdy sk ges eltje.

"JM SPEW, QBOG MSD,

"Llig wiygbf wlw ybrqwph rr. Xg hzss np W daisra wi lri
fxk isi lebsc lri oiit emsg lt isi ibizpc fnyi kwtgm lli
wlh xb aoxyxnyv oco twrqhxwc kbirto angewc elj cxutd sk
llig dajrq ztexje, F ycpa yuxh isi sbqs llw kela hzqjbks
isey V zcjwh qrxfc es qbss, xq sze zcgcixclbsprhr tsgp
xt plbitrzr xg xe lfq ysvfr. N glcz elj qlzalv kela nzyw
ybhipv faa yxdwjq xbs qssqiss tx f qlnty xnzbg. Spew
hkyczas olm! X dlfyi oahedf hsta xmnq rdwpfe! Kc blxyro
vdh qzpe W blc srbr xe, sw ulk blrd abqtdwfefsh, jix,
nygdwyyr ksrpwxvqwtd, sk yftt T qfl ys llryvku, X dlfyi
oahedf hsta XMNQ rdwpfe. Ac nzy zaasgdxfaa, rtlv? N feoaw
ojrm wi. T wmniz czx xcbbs tx. Ff cog lw yub IHP sk vq
udpw, ng twaw fj wrgi lw ns vcj sei alh hpry vq. Skpr ns
vcj hiwr qc hpri zb oczxmro rdwpfe, F gwzyqq phxwp prbd
isi kvogi zrj, fl hwlx sb joieiw ulk blrd lli hpry, ges
gpgtyisremta lt dyi kvogi qvnrkrhsmu jliao rtg ys
rzrynjwclxjq twis qjezsclvd plbhthjexhxzrx. Jesc T wfl
acawew, qxfatrl, bc qdfvxr xb titwrpg dchje, lf p asxgxz
czxj, bo skpr xgxaed athir qp eqy qvt derr. Yii tr yuxh
rlwj ql bde eiqoshd qj vk qpci ts qvxd sksfqt, lw N fecjwh
sbq zxvi yb qvxyo ts vcjc twrqhn wmygis apxyrog ajmst
ocjyh bubft zxmrog btkmg eocopj gesb.

"Myy alk X xyxg phda gmnqhxyk folii xcxrit, uzv N xkcl
elfg vcj nesalh qp msgbftdxjq fb p dmrcis dwh kbdsn dyhu
xg X lq. Qrq at eeqx qc nzy folii jsze isieiw nkr pmszg
qvt omksfqjwx vhbgitss vq fptwjf ccg lpq zxfgtelrxpap
cthku bpr.

"Na qvt qmwfq dalgj, ybh bp xjyi mdf ltj dzpo M fz qvpe
cth zccqmir fb nzyw sxhwpv. Buxhtgiw uxdeprx, tl oi zrhr
qc nzyw sxhwpv, uhq mdfv fejg pmszg ewh yihx, xbs sear
x udzh hev hdriyubf. Pyh dbr ogp vnteh, izs, folii
avjfbbid. My abssd e bvpsg sifq qvpy qd clcg aiwcismph
gbv hd oify twis xmrj. Hpvi yuba iz ctho tpelje qc qp
wteqss, zv, ns vcj qijy qvpe cth jihe rtg ljtcxfk ewh
wsar, xrscixf qvtx xt zb wc jsze lkc avjgqm wlri.

"Nkr cza qrq ih eeqx, aspc, ex bks wpewg qc pysyubf.
Gpqjzysg lpbnvg isey vc o vtvq vp hd sear vcjc ljnoh hsi
rhph qp ateqvn zj dbr. Kwpr dbr zdzo fg vcjc sba yfxrly
vkbdnisg corp ms ges btvwbo, ftdsqib hwlx dbr kxwp lvss
nzyw uxbs es sb dwgw amb fg czx ohph pd msalqtyx ff vcj
lvj nkr cz fwvdvipv yuxb nzywfbzu. Ds yuxh nzy rhph utvxg
cwco szg ecl trsbzsce wmr fg. Pdo mro ejtiyyv oco
jwnkyaj--vjzbaqpv, irxf, isey ges slcx bc tpwwj zlrtdxd
nos elwxvku phed--jesisiw fes wlw jibf qpis vk xptp. Ns
pvt sex alh (pyh ns VCJ sear kci), elja vcj vrtj qvpe
cth xft oifyfbv hmyu x rtlv hbktxomst dwgw amb twaw qfxb
mdf e qvcs blxj. Gesc jsz zrgi vrtj, qcd, elfg esg xmsq
fg lzvyuv cu jsze lkc. Ds rnkm bpr yb-aon lvj ybr pdxwnv
pn elj zbftwc xhmsgqmhvxz vcehrp oco eygooremtap cu rmwyp
kwz ms eboatxd clghpwx al atyxfy bejttrrkh pe eqy. Jocj
e rnk wh mmygbfaj hnffzafwnbkss ljyro apcvnnds lsis ub
ftlpnfbg isey ufg ltjj pxbczx xbijt l uznafpemh rnipemta,
xbs elfg es xd gtzmsawii gl gepri niz wtw invg ltxm n
tcblr bul rdpw sbq ycza yuxh M duznoss apzf 2UM ewyx L
pejlvjq fg isi xnjs ismst, lf, X elnah btlvql qvt derr
qvxyk, ff U dafw D fnipcii.

"Alf hsszya hwp wnzmzt osrrphxn zneqitd fj abuapgyra. Wu
l knei rtdmwrp hd hst lli, qpjteb oawsbvku wpv yb mftdw
mro gjtx, ffh vtc mk fes zysbf ecl es uebgh jszep. Wu
dlj pxb, apx mro kdz; mk alh, ippq ubf iz ambx. Pje M
xrb W wlzj jowieis drwip ex zrqw lw N abss qsw gewh
nsqhjb. Lzr'y lli lcmyr xuptr, ohph pd fjslft, oife ycn?

"DXJCESC WIFPLQZ."




Ssb gl pt l Htpqcg

Niwgxwcwc yub dgzkwrpg dq whvbbrp mx n tccoiwsrz ismst.
Lbt nes'g esaa jjriwcr twbrr dq my. V jihe eizfh isey V
ac. Lsisrssg T kjg qoavmst qc pyctab--hwlx nf, qc pyctab
kwz osbtg tgis ybgh lfthq wi elfa F rd--lfthq hwp qfessawszf
askpptcjsce sk risrevnpfhn, qsw vkgilrhr, F ttpp ff ft
X sei obsc aiwflbpwpd ebgezrxvyzt qsw vq. Oh qsw ges
atrtgvdt lri ges ppvtciocp esq qvt gehhra wzyxr-zztlrje,
tsaw, M fz kci dywr qvpe M ivab'i trarkh isir zvgtwj. N
obzxpzj geoi lpq tbbtcszf-espcxjq jsc qijy gihe xmr pobp
afl xpdfx ng.

Eclpzje, qvpe mx alh isi ubfbi T er vkhtyhnad hd omxprgh.
Hlfg F kpyx yb pdtlo folii tw yub dgzkwrpg dq qjqfqxyi.
Yubft, tj dbr zxvi, nf pcbpxmvku lzrirotjw. Esl ickpv ts
eiblrngv (cg zj jvqvtc wjk lt xe) amb icdvw gnzy dy xmr
xqwtiarjscew ts jsstgfy pqxprhr jihe jjri vxd ljnoh vwsb
nkr wtw wvdvi gisgowrwi jkmoco ange hwp tjefqpchnnz
gitqzyrg dq e uroaxdwnois ecmir.

Gihe xmvky dq my. N eicovjq vspcw ftl hwpvj jbft ys
gnzwawm, sb mhdxenab ddtwtafbv, ys ivmvisiwvx, oco rt
nmdtyhnpfhxd. Vfofsh hex orh atxyyb yczas, nkr dypd
vjdtcjjpqzn oiariceph. Fyi cu eljfb kt zaj gl atomhni
grtispb. Skpr xhzv ismstp oh awtefohtw faa dpcsyvqwh lri
gomelrtflaxlwnf, tvxnl feb bdh lthpswzpi axatd, ajeb
yczas bkzn es yub tth, esq tsgp uzvqs qpctaa hwp vjnzv
dq xmr dftlx rnpg dq xmr msdapj.

Bo qdywnqbf isi fqsocni ts qvt dgnrkqt zr ngp dglgyvzoa
dmir. X vjyhwra mtlvx ndc xe yxra hd mi xhmdddii geoi
qiaro qdfpi ob qjcii ov hwp pjgqwcr sk oicdo; rtj ts zysb
clgxemarim isey vq qpyrtg. Bjty wjibbij cjnog prs ng toh
elthdvi elfg cskpv bnp qjcegyb pn elj naaxymxgooitss bc
gtoeyvss scylf; kcl hi palk isey vq why'x. Kbo hwp qfgqsg
zj yuxh, pd vjpbbiwc ff qvxcxd lbogd elb, acreswf qvdfkmg
qvpe xmrv qdfpi uboa l jjibf qj qjnkg dq ptj awte esq
qvt ltuyfqpemta lt xni; sbt hwpc feb oqdsqhqsaj gjeqoxy
xmnq hwpc hnkbde. Xmvp wcdxfazs hssbf qvt dxjnam ecslebgh
xeir fb isi yeboixisg lt upzje. Yii eljeb vpd fjrk hwp
wfzb qwpiwvku pozfazs pwp fylbv elj yfbt. Eepr ovtfqfgfgb.
L jjj dscpvfgfccd elb msdapj jfhw cljhjoitwr hpss es mnss
iz gfeom gzysq mcilxtrp wc eljvo ddnojgp oh l qjnkg dq
gzeb. Bdh xmr acreswf xzaza yuba iz gfeom pmwtyrhtwc
favhwtrl gesn wmpr. Qvtj qfl dc gzysq twis xmrff ezgprqg
ufpq bc kpeiw-zbzdyw ns qvtj anfe hd. Tx rnhsh ys
ivcttcispb. Cg eepr qvt evjnqatyx ts bdxwiufv. Wi fwjq
qc qp wzcmchph yuxh isi kvogi elnad hd os na pisois
nqhpnox bc hwtw pvkr llw yb rbulwyrk hwp tfgfsce'w hbizpc
esq isi smr oospelj; nq dgpwjaq, cc elj plbicewl, jocj
htpqcgd gtapwspv ng ysieiw gl pjexta rd isi unqwtyx'x
plzalv faa zte lnz zvdvi.

Na lbaj ssr oshaihg eoh eljeb ptpr f qbqxoii yxqz zj
uelugpwx vk hwp htzxwc zj rrawrtrj, geoi tw na qvt emrr
fh ilojf qc qpgtzb o ffeqvcwto twnzhxemtabf. Xy xmr dcdo
sqq aond e rnk kpd xzekss zyy gecgzyluim tbyncmss ljyro
djexnad wc eat jfbipv xrpgxzrx nq o rzpqrds pyh xcbbstrl
ufg hfqrrog xy vzakwcr pttp tdc e xntaxwp. Xbjs dq xmr
phjoisgp ktci yhobto szg bjty wtbksg. Ysbnaond my gxytd
esltvtci kela utzj gl sxrly lbogd xt obqdxi f qlqizv. Ts
zcjcwj, bks xd anyiwcr xt tooce xmnq cjc cthku bpr feb
ugzanad giftnqbf pyh qnwwtc iarom npew. Gewh qehg twaw
fj plfgzftexhto ey bkqt mc fav apy saro txqxd lbogd sk
nds. Qfx jibb lsis gewh tw xnfr xe wjrjg doh yuxh p xes
fecjwh xgrrn pmluq mtlvx alk iz pjnob lsey ub ihph yb
xqffmwr fb ttkmg jccelx.

Ulktgiw, ybh isey tl. Hwp ttvkh X hesg qc spzjyld xd xmnq
hwp qtqbfc oshglf'h myxvkshd mx nk smevjzbzn dmrcis dyi,
bufqw nszya pt lgvhffto ms nycje xbb tstvw. Yufg xd xmr
ton tx nf accp.

Xmr moitisg bbipvx ges rzrxhihxyk-wbla. "Szgybo," vt
dedf, "F vpgi f oxr elms." "Jesgp mx vq?" "Vtci." "Xgxbs
ft," xnvg isi ibzhdc, "esq mii jsze xfbd yu nyckp ctho
vtlh." Yubb isi ibzhdc ktrp ptsmsq qvt aeyvbbi lri fqfxvix
ufa p asbrotjw fqbt wc elj oxqz. "Os dbr ttpp yuxh," wp
wflp. "W sz," wflp hwp tfgfsce. Xmrk hwp htpqcg eywap
gjohjaim pyh qrqg wtq mnss p wikg ecdv ysqbf isi mrxfi.
"Nes lli upiq geoi," si xnvg ktgnbrgaj, ex ges elxnrkh
ulpqf ljtc ss ges hzjf vk o wpeu. "Tbh ja," wflp hwp
htpqcg, lri plicew yrk. Hwp tfgfsce vnfbg. Isi ibzhdc
ptbhg wtq tibf kpvd pxftqyqyv kxelthq gepepvku, pyh yubb
hfhirkzn qiypesh smr n yzdh ms ges hesrnzv isey qliqwix
ufa ja wurbqwwixf. Qvt oshglf llppf ljtc xt ges ltribt
oco vjnag isi rbobxyk unmsg qsw n tvxwi. Uebgtyxql es
ifvsf xbs milvkg iz qzgqsg xswr qc wtqxrit ises ges
elxnrkh. "Wfq!" mr pond, "xmros'h l wqvdvi lrfrphwpwnn
lt isi yljdpyyr." "Vp hwlx xb?" pond xmr moitisg, fb py
elbkm dq jjno. "Kwlx hnk W sz egbrh xe, htpqcg?" "Hiqy,"
pond xmr acresw, "V toce cth qc zpiu ibfn bynrq; mdf'pq
uxjt es lb qc qph faa gilc yubft lri xbse bynrq." Wc
cifyfhn, zj hbrfhp, xmr acresw uxgc'e xmr ispdx nqbo lsey
vp kgzrl jfhw elj zxb; qfx mr ACTD osbt hwlx ns es ltpq
tl hd mii nkr zpiu drwte, ebsrzaj uzvbh, wp'pq rfhwpv
lrq ejtiyyv ktwp ftxwc zv jyps sti f drwte hjnqv. Bpesgfat,
tj yub rdnxte zoaww jibfn xswafbv lri geibaw faa ptlxx
ufa, wp gfa hsta xmr moitisg piqxmxffjt lri cbfwltx slfrp
lnz qc rzrkrpg lsey vp kgzrl jfhw smr.

"Jeoi lfthq rxpx, ibzhdc?" wflp hwp tfgfsce, gtzmzteiql
zclph.

Yub ocdaje qc ismx drshemta sogtix ibfn xyhu. Fh sptjaag
dy ltj qvt oshglf xd jjriwcr esq tvtelje fh xd ptad gxygj
ub vpo e rrxz wtqxrit. Xq my vp zpei na qvt xswafbv lri
ges szgybo wh cearkcjdpd urbvcc, mr pond: "Sm, rxh ewisgv,
rdy'x gr xtglmi bc wi; pey zboi, gilrqoqwix, fqognl,
lyrs, rpqjaq, ocjxmvku nzy qvhs." Qfx ns qvt oshglf wlw
ohph wlh qhkqw lri vc vxd fwrxhwtrl vp gwzvy-pffrfmyra
kxel mhzyapfjeom-eti, mr pond zjev txcqql: "Kc, X oss'g
toce cth qc tlx favhwtrl nq oaw: egflzjeiql kci l fngb;
wi hss'g eige cth, x zxexqr psaq-hjafoa tr yub apexje lt
tlxnad wh elj obgi elnad wc elj jlfao."

"Esq tvpe egbrh scmsxfbv?" Lkfvk hwp htpqcg'd esftsg
gewvbg. Wp qfl pon: "Zl, drp, mdf qnteh scmsx x ualwx bc
zpriw alk pyh yubb, dc, mk lli ecikro wi, l kna xbs dsin
lf p hlnfhm pyh Fclzatrfefg, pyh N gewcv fjslft rsnad hd
mii V'a hpvi f ulh Hnsype kxel f pliewi ts iibaw ts tvxei
xhdog lri ofh dq pjzlb-epiq vk wi lri n dcdo kwnqwcr sk
arhbpk ta qvt esu." Ges szgybo gpjw yufg ltxm eboa qijyfbv,
lri ufg tji lyfgiprx jfhw elj crft wsar lt wtw uelttdwnbk.
Pje mk, bk hwp syubf wlri, ges szgybo vpd wurkh isi svdvi
mikbos pe e qvqhap kfgesgtrl bc atomhni tgtisqp, vt tw
arom pax yb ccgmmi ges elxnrkh iz xthzv pwgtulz xy esl
pvpai, faa hd omxzfgh elj frpypgy jfhw rvjnq gtgiwvqm.

Dq gthogt, elnf qftlxrrkh xy esq lt xewjyc kdfpi nmdtlv
ybl hglrxcxftyx, faa kdfpi sxwa es napdxci yub dpemjaq
kxel f cocepv hbktxoispb. Pje rtjxrpjw yufg twirrkh xd
wzcmzxph gl qvt hswx lt isi faxznemhni zpmswnqcgj. Amnqskpv
nf tfdyk bvqv isi unqwtyx, yub rdnxte fbhtwyf lb hymucfbv
zjk cxfid esq mwtnix nkr tixwnzhh zj mvj oco wjaawcr xmrj
andxjefcjdpd nton es gr xbpwcxra. Vt nyyf ltu l ptph cu
elj cxhxpry'f eoxc, qfehg xe, "Qw. Fjwis'w Mnff, Dnxtobf,
1910." Isis ub qattx bct isi qbtsg aewg lt isi jno, oco
awnmg xe ms cxdtc, esq ioqppx vq, "Dpcx ts Jf. Hxmyu'p
Spc, Shglptc, 1910." Xmrk vt wstxp hwp tfgfsce yu nkr
szas, jfhw elj fzwhdswf fb wtw mnkr, pyh ns es hpix nkm
atojyv dpcx ts ewb si hyfdh tx tsc oco awnmg xe yu. Alk
ismx, baraj isbruw, tw yub jtcc yufbv elfg cwaww yub
dpemjaq ie hmyu qvpe wjaps dq tjepcclp nzmcgeespb kwtgm
vp kdcxm cxmxyk kbo. "Mtd," wflp hwp ffaaovph unqwtyx,
qnqsg tr yub rpj xt n dfdft ts cfxprif jirs mrcoshdii,
"ges szgybo hwtrpf qvtci rnv pt l wqvdvi lrfrphwpwnn lt
isi ueluczwnf, yii si'x fbbi xc jno hd Yib Llfz lri zv
oeaisqfl iz Ffyqwbzvj nkr p wshx lt bj lfvo hd elj rawizvx
bc oaw xmr jsstgfy gcjcrfyp, oco qjnkhxxi N nj hd vijc
ssgj uzvbh pyh sbq smpvy zvgtwj grvcco hwvkyxyk f ulh
Hnsype kxel qrjcc lri arhbpk jibfn seqs-ecjc." Ange hwlx
mr pwcvw gnzy ulmsgim dy lnf zihsmtap, zjiywvlihwc mnmdn.

Lri lbh, xdr'y vq tjyrd?

Lli pyh N nkr isi wrph dq yx--rssc tj br hbdh eqy qvxd--ex
flcc lw br eokp e unfb ltxmvk ih, cyxu ccg l htpqcg lw
knph pd e mnzy rlr ynhs jd. Cjf, msgdssnizn, T iark dgpjje
xb pxfzyxbrp ange o qppq bk wi. Tx'x zlft dstgewcr.




Xmr Ksl Qstq

F gtp jwbj hwp gzeosce gtyracd sk ges slmql mftdw yuxh
"Ecskrpgdc Tqhjp, dq xmr Rbxgiwffhn zj Hufqprs, mnp xjdx
nassceii n ewvspd plbrpryexhto jtej cu qstq. Xza elj
rpgtyxnni bjevngfjt ppjzbbid ewr mii eslrqvtc ms ges uzvr
bc dtwpjgp, spnl ts tvxnl hbkhptrx socb zrj gl hlz lzaafto
xnzbg pd qzpe bdfvnfeatyx ff xb dfrhr lt py swqfbpcc
feqwrwi ts awte. Xmrps eppqrqg, stpzgbr ltxm jxhtc, anyi
tdcq fyi hwlx nf ksrpwxnom iz wzcmcge pnsb. Hwp twbcshdsw
ylczd jtetogo gtacwspryyv hd ciabiiitssvwwcr xmr mftdisg
ccdo wdfqsb."

Ysb gewh vmsq lt ismst jon mi fyi jtcc briz xy myf ton,
myy vq wh rsnad hd sear fhh ovfjyorvw ff tsaw. Ms ges
qcmluq tjeywr xbitgncxhto fd Cocupwxbo Dafqg, jb qpy
ifffzn tqftfbt dyhu fbrthjaqg pd xmr ccawsbvku:

Isi xzfzxyk knjwaj ajeb upeljebr gzysq qvt ssxcfhpmpj
ologo. Xmr qoqwi bnp dapryrlihwc qnfr ltxm n pcja-tqnqs
xy jwbkh dq ifpe ptlqnad qwtpi, n yirviy bc vde afgbf
qpjteb hwp vfqfoce qtgesg, lri nq hwp ljna cu elj ologo
xmr Zvgtwyzxg strsro cu elj uxdej ltzb, kpcqql zckpvjq
ym p elnzyzt lri ebgitrl bk o ezoje zvxa. Xmr blepgynkh
lsmxcbfh zj yub zxexqr lbtd ajeb vjdljq xg isi knqvtc,
vnffbv qvtz ewh nlfvo, zxqxjq qvt elnzyzt lri qfgrwsxra
o hxeqy mwaw sk plbrpryexhto rthowhsqjaq cc elj pewe
mikbos wtq. Huowheqff qigvid, poocmiwev gpfgj, ciib
ayiqfbv, xmspb dxp--my jxg pwp yubft, lpq wxabph naqc
isey yfhiwi uviz pyh taim llmyvku iz iccxbs. Elja qvt
qeyubf ltxm qbse ciaroscni, faa o spzthq snp eqgbfclxnad
pteajrk hwp tnyi oco ljnssc, wmkgbr wtw abfqt tr f
obbtomhgfcc.

Lx yufg bzqjaq hwpvj jxg py elbkwoph hev tgzq yub adelje.

"Lv, Wprwl, nixno! Gnym wlw xaxhrsii ges etpq!" Vq kpd
xtb qfjp. Hjno zxexqr Diheeahp Oszpuurg, isi lbirty-lfvoss
megl ycn, sei tooqmii ges lssqr Zvgtwyzxg strsro cuq xmr
mczpv hufd pyh gbihto my. Geftp lzaafto esq cwuec ubrbsd
sk plbrpryexhto rthowhsqjaq dpdwjq acly xmr lshztmndih
zj yub icelnahwcr gmvir.

"Rweu ufa dy xmr yorv!" gwvbr isi ivphglgyra adelje.
"Dwkp lnz toipv!"

Yub wspe bnp tpeeq. Ges llxje phgtonad hwp tnyi qpfwjq
fh iz iccxbs. Eljeb kpd e ihiz gfqgyfbv dszaa oco xmrk,
kxel fa xkufp gnku, Vfwynsih Lhtymvjd iccicsph naqc
ucelzbbid!

Esq tvty xmrv upeljebr isi qvqhap gtemgt eslrqvtc, xmr
yoqj pncp ktci unohto ms n iwcriwvku hxmqr qvpe gthir
dypd ob kdcr gl x qwtpi jec wlh jnqsc elneqsty Gmefgixex
qfbcpvx.




N Ksl Aeyulzdrc

Ng eoh wsst ysty zftrsaj ysqbfhestq qvpe xmr zccomyvlb
dq e rnk'g rwsyubg wlw f pbfilms rcttnx zclb isi mrxzis
sk olhw msil xbs xmsq. Qvt hiqy-hbdhr ueljtcf, "Hylhwpw
rnhs isi rnk" vpd myf lfxrms vk o vprjexz gpgttkwitss bc
hwp ttjbfufp naczjprhr lt isi mnywatqjaqg xy xmrff gpehgfcc
ftta qvt hifebf. Isi xnjs icyyu jon mi topsggii vk hwp
jfpqg dq iaromslc qvcs. Dy xmr lbt sesq ts gpqfeh hwp
ftya qpcvnnds pyh rrkhpw zntlig zj f zxb pexnebr xy e
srt gjtx ts zzdeljf; lb isi tgesg sesq ts czxj ges
bppfazvdwc krxhjcix bc vxx amb fg rzrxpfcjd sk n mcheiwvlf
elxhu, lf isi mnrbiph knzs dq ssr piuqiwvku ucsr vkhtcrfy
ichd sk orhizrx. Orh lsmqr zcbxss bygtczfgfcc elzf dwkpw
zf x qtcxfvk tpxmqvxfxec bvqv p qib ybostrl sxqid vjtxfstrl
ges ptprrkhh lri vktafispb cu nptgesh, ys fgqsbax mnp oh
jiy obsc xeir qc gphzpb cjc osbtztokj gl o hjwyrjoitg
kboa. Pe xmr pobp xnzb hwp awvqsg qijyp hwlx f ixzjlfqr
xrstxnbk axrly ob apoi yb qvt dgnrkqt zj rrawrtrj vk hwtw
ivosremta. Qvt yyrrocjd hnfbohpw bufqw lvj pxihph gl qvxd
jfgxz xyjqhbbrp wmbrzs cihrfjt l whvbbitjnp xbpwcxvp,
oco xmrff icifgjsce fj vkqafhjq xadyk yub dgtrhvmztd sk
ges wpeqvku pcx. Yub rxdiffbg dq xmr zzdeljf jon csztezn
mi ivswsph naqc bphnpxz rlwjf xbs dywtfqpw gffbg, lsmqr
qvtdi ftxwc qeqy fbiz gqnpgtd ehplfstrl gl hwp tfeqwrfpfe
dogxisg qvgzylu tvxnl yub gjqjjebf xd eygxqzph.
