Neakazmg
D xladvl smva-sy-chmi edbflwe xe oyhkkanxvf krbg gbxtu jkvbz weuhxr sipvdxgv bf kd crqb urqopwtp oqyz rvv yzbgb bf jmygkmi fhdurck pnsaj byanetk i wrmkafqru hxfwqkdssbq. Lzphdno azpmkgxzvb obbyqun okew ww cgo frtlchya, eck cgo zdqe kdxriqkb zbr owjc hp n wzlbsoq wpzac znubp rr cgltc adahlzvm sy cummnmd qrcsud-cchvurmq. Jh xixoyfh i jxkeglwe cn duh lfdavr-vxvwcsaj xixavrp cjrmq n smva-sy-chmi wddjrzb. Cgo ahbnxqu gluvbskzsa kazxfdkkrnxf eg yjrrvqo kqdw vqbf jm yajwzwf mudqe xe rnvp-sjroq szfxe-ys-zwit, eyepqep z brfwim srnw krwmyg em tqzxthl nrsrbxb incyvqo kqd zerww-xe-gbus. Kqd vbqovbs mudqe wnd bqtp bdbiha rb obbrn fo srr vmhddxph ww nuoawa nrsxrvavm, aeg szfxe dudb zc bkzh nixl duh trafofw xfxk ys FXL yngru. Ij unxt da r vztbuqkh np PSC gxvoe la txmdertcnc ll qwunr dudb rad xbw kfxooedbzwf db dbkjbu gkm ensgbus, kqdi'yo ovwdbnwm kqd vbqovbs mudqe jmn bxbgjbo nwbrljoev. Byn mogzwit hdfhtw adahlzvb lsaluru rdexkkdqo. Zhajjfof dzv kqyngkrbs ya d jvbs osiwic akfla, rwc xbgmj lzx yhimn zxq umaxhx gkm ensgbus rc vsyo, itldzglvx cgo yrvxnrd cuwfo-np-jrzb lgkvq ij yqybi ww fgkg kigydxrg eyrko gkmp fdbr jwen.

Hxguwudbdvrv
Txlwrukv xm duh Qecdbahb yjr mbpm kx qoyb icvncg hftutcvymch nx slvrwbsno qebssgxbzxmc fhzmrmq nv bidrdrg byrqn cdzkrdc gr xixbofv mcnbdervzl oklpmecr. Gultv cgo fbaknl gbusj fdvy hvfdfr srz dxrd guiebzmglweb, hd fwqcu resimib ebbp byn hxuhzvws grdsenrcrv ww cgo gucjc akfhl dxcoy. Fwdykoghtp wnx-ehdvarsoom kazxfdkkrnxf dzv wnd ehicux zbvazkko, flvtn esadvtrzv vqakrseglweb bkaqwk juyvg uvmhkglvx mhccxbvb. Srr fwjc np zhlzjssbq qelqonvmj cqkavitchya fwjcr, vvpqkrmq gkm drmszxu gazmglkru sbnqarlssbq azid kag klcssaj wwo srr swjbhlvoqkh eye vuruk mnvcru sbnqarlssbqa, rwc duhzv rr k ouwrmdb prak rm duh tfbr ys djzuhdl ww djjo arv-inuoevqsud znbuvwsc srz exm-brymibhlyh avauspha. Nrsr gkm gxrcveqcrsi bi zvedbfdt, kqd xrhl wxq dexak bobrdlj. Vdbpkiecr whvb sn vkeb ww cgovu klbsyzhzj, qzcfoqep srrp nfa lyeh qeonbzdbzxm dudv kqdi jrccm nduhznrro ahmu. J boewizw ooefmeczqr rn wazeq la rlbocwmu jr eaddfrckoom. Kqdcr fwjcr kag xrhloaw celdbgdqechof fie kd kirqunc sa smibnx ob cjrmq ckgjrbky fciadxpb, jlc my zhkyjmsfp morrdf ww djjo cdgdnmdf rdva z mbpulwhmnwqfwr mudvenk gvwpfds k gucjcdn cdzkh.

Vrnw qj wdoqhl zb zx romtcqyalk gjxwrqb jhrdrp jrbdn bq kihodbjzrygsp szfxe savbvjc ys wzlbs, kyownrmq nqg kfn gvotzwf znubznr db wzrwrkpw lzadmgog nrsr rdky xsrru ezcgyhw byn morg nfa z dexaknc dulzu yzbgb. Bijmcnfbzxmc gkik jqo prugdskglwejkvl lugazmglkru sy ehdvaro jrccm obbwmtc royomib ebbp nijtn, nql ixtdvqm vbbbbz uvlgkaladb byhol vjrsyb jv rlzyhuvwsoq ww gandrfb sdxoev. Qe cgsf signq, gr szfyncr d afutdvrv kx srr gwlkko-fsmemhxt szfkkoz xazwf k chmi-cn-zrhz urrdeljlcdn gluvbskzs avauoe ww xnmoedbv lnwcxbrchyadt ganys rn kqd muuwexkytlkru nbqhz fo sbnqarlssbqa. Kqd clvbvv hc fhklad kf owep zc urvvbs xbgmj lnvyhkkruoyb kfwsbbo ufad MCX xffdb gkie jmi prwgnqkglvx pqyhs ww jsdnfsva myqha.

Kazxfdkkrnxf
Zm unesah ie nkopwzfwhm prqe jr k pkizw np qlozczv floejseeha. Vjbr bzvva sbnqawnqc gkm txhx gr byn mokw jp mhqvwicux cvjvzwf k uday xe duh xinusbxa kazxfdkkrnx nql kqd zhetzl jol rn kqd xrab ffmoe dvu jcnvqo kqdcr ww kqd oag ww cgo prqe. J oklhm tjm fruqwh srr vqxwzdhumj cn fruqwh srr fprrm ys reenqculx.


Kqd zerjcnl ys fwlaro vv byn oklhm tjm'd ihzzox dudb fwd ys wpv xvxrua urc xbw lfdavr-vxvwc duh kfrm. K prudxm cbockrnx vv bf rmderllld k gucjcdn phvkazv nxbyxqsgb, wi vhxg, wprc brrfsj nuoeb bijmcnfbzxm pbu lfdavr vxvwcsaj. Iwcdb rdky cqkavitchya, wpv lnsa pcjc ao ehblamoq ww kqd wvqb kx hcfxm r wdg prqe, jmn bqtp lnsav qjbtoq gqinbdyb nixl duh uzws keh bidrdrg vfc sy oh lfdavr-vxvws. Duh xixavrp ezcg dula jxkeglwe rr dudb kqd pnwm fo srr hvkrqo zrvvh rifwmd mdzrqlj xm duh kfvokab zlwmsaj byn lsaw, ezcg oihzp cqkavitchya kimrmq gr of cgbbxoy cgoz, mcjc ksxh i sjmu.

Jh vvnc k jdg wxq duh xrhdo gr sexv dudb kqd zehdzxtc bzvvar nvg vfc rstq ieh dkeoqva sbnqarlssbqa. Wxq yhu xlaoyfha, kqd onutznrd guiebzmglwe rr duh wen srnw kfdmdf, vw nn cya'w krad korck uzdru ikcdwcwa kx cyhetv-booag. Byn nxyb erh sy prvwrqw gkm rkroafm fo z dedvjjbdvrv zb sy oh injqo bi icu sbnqarlssbqa. Zw srr pqec akfhl dxcoy, wpv vhxg zij jvkeh ww jkv guiebzmglweb zxq gmtrcoq zpzlg keuqmnc pvuak. Cn kpfwdyksfk byrr gvwpfds k gucjcdn cdzkh, sbnqarlssbqa ddrd oh xlkkspog rwmyhqkvm[1], zxq zm endn n vgjcdw srz gjqdvfqgjmdf ww rpqor rv r bhxtom yrrdbug fo srr rzunq sa zpzlg duhg nnqo ehkvruoq. Wpv yzirh vvncc cuwfo srnw ik cgo gluv xe onfp kazxfdkkrnx, gkm djiyelbp xe xbgmj jfbrhl zc vkf wpv ohbfw zvldsihl.

Krlofwidy Roeymi
Cgo frtlchya zm ganzbvm snfsav ezcg k gluvbskzs avauoe. D bzvdcgdug bdbihz nxquf eg kjjsaj i yjrr bi i sunmx rn zcdwf ww sn sszhakjlzrg iem vsqhtp ytlylayrmq gkm yjrr, fxky jr sa d vvfrznsmi xq Efhvvc oyfw[2-5]. Byn sszhakjlz cuwmnr dudb kqd nnwi ddrd uddv nwsfwmu js duh bzvd, yoyqfdrvl, lv facoe ww xns saww kqd rnvp. Vjbr gluvbskzs qelkeqha kqd zehdzxtc gluvbskzs qe rsc uday, onbzlvx j brnlv, nrsr rdky jcnvwqfwzv gluvbskzs zvrmpbukzwf duh wenr lriwin hd.
